I'd finally come to grips with her death.  Finally at the place I can move on.   grunts  No!  My father's taken from me.  I need to find some peace.  Whatever you need to do, do it.    You're not gonna kill her ever again.   Not gonna hurt you.  No.  You're safe.  There's only one thing I know about life.  â€Feverâ€ by Roosevelt playing  I know some things happen by chance.  muttering Today's the day.  Today's the day. Talk to her.  Where is she?  Fading back into the night   And some things happen because we make them happen.  No, nothing's gonna wake me now   Far away from what we are   whispering Okay, just do it.  Gonna do it.  You've talked to her a million times.  inhales deeply  Say something clever.  whooshing  Channel 52 breaking news.  The latest from Central City,  where the mysterious metahuman criminal,  known only as the Rival is once again  terrorizing the populous with his incredible speed.  heroic music    whooshing    sirens wailing  brakes screech  Need our help, Flash?  Nah. When I'm done with this fool, he might.  What have you got against my city?  The city's just fine.  It's the people in it who need to be educated.  And I have no rival!  Especially not you.  chuckles  zapping  siren whoops  heroic music    crash   You okay, man?  Yeah, thanks.  whooshing  That guy's really becoming a pain in my ass.   Don't worry about it.  whooshing  You'll get him next time, Flash.   â€Secretâ€ by Chelsea Lankes playing  Don't leave tonight   Stay here, no one will find us   We'll be all right   We've got silence to hide us   It's still the way you want me to   Eexcuse me?  Hi, sorry. Is this yours?  I think maybe you dropped it.   It was just right up there.  Oh.  I don't know what happened, but  Oh, my gosh, yeah, I didn't even  realize I dropped it. Thank you so much.  Yeah, yeah, it's okay.  Wait, I've I've seen you before, haven't I?  Uhh, we actually went to elementary school together.  You don't remember me? PS 23?  Oh, my gosh! Right, yes, I remember!   Gary, right! chuckles  Uh, Barry.   Barry.  Barry Allen.   Right.  It's fine.   Sorry, sorry.  No, it's fine.  Yeah, yeah, no, we had, um, Mr., uh   Mr. Hinkley.  Yes.  Yeah, for math. Yeah, he used to  always hit the chalkboard  together With his fist.  And all the dust would come flying off.  He'd look just like  together PigPen from "Peanuts."   Yeah, that's  laughter  Yes. How are you?  I'm really good.  Yeah, I'm, uh, CSI.  I work over at, uh, CCPD.  Yeah, um, my My dad works there, too.   He's a detective.  Yeah, I see him sometimes.  I don't really know him, but I, you know,   see him in passing.  Cool, yeah.  Um, well, thanks again.  I guess you're my hero today.  Glad I could be there for you.  You know what? Uh, would you wanna get a coffee?  I mean, I know you're having a coffee right now.  I meant, like, you know, at a different time.  With me. Or it doesn't even have to be a coffee.  It could be any kind of beverage,  like a wine or a beer, or  Not that I wanna get you drunk.  We we could get iced tea. Do you like iced tea?  Do would you wanna get an iced tea with me?   Um  sighs   Yes, yes.  Yeah?  Yes, I would like to get an iced tea with you.   Okay.  Barry Allen,  you're very cute, you know that?   Yeah, yeah.  Yeah, but, um,  you should try talking just a little bit slower.  Speed  has always been my problem.  elevator bell dings  See you later.  What's up, Barry?   Hey.  You look a little less glum   this day's afternoon.  sighs Captain Mendez,  I asked out a girl and she said yes.  Ah, there's no better feeling, is there?   No better feeling.  Well, until the day  she says, "I do".  Yeah, we got a ways to go before that, I think.  Great, well that'll give you a lot of time to catch me up  on where we are with the Rival.  Nothing substantive. He hasn't left  any hair or skin samples at any of his attacks   on the CCPD.  So you're telling me  there's no way to ID this guy.  We'll figure out who he is when The Flash stops him.  Well The Flash better hurry up.  Pun intended.  Okay.  All right.  Has anybody seen Detective West?  You know, I think he had to stop by evidence.   Uhhuh.  I don't know  where he is, actually.  Sorry.  Oh, Captain, is it okay if I leave a little early today?   For your hot date?  No, I'm, uh, just  meeting a friend for dinner.    whooshing  intense music   Barry!  shimmering tones  No! sobbing  whooshing  booming  thud, yelling  grunting  You're not gonna kill her this time.  You're not gonna kill her ever again.   zapping  thudding  breathes heavily  It's okay. It's okay.   I'm not gonna hurt you.  breathing heavily  You're safe now. Okay?   whooshing  gasps  zapping, whooshing    panting  dramatic music    Dinner.  There better be curly fries in there.  Yeah, human beings can go almost three weeks without food  so I'd sound a little bit more grateful if I were you.  sighs  Well, you wouldn't do that to me, Barry.  After all, you're the hero.  Or did you forget that?  Too busy leading your reverse "It's a Wonderful Life"?  laughs Reverse, huh?  That's irony for you.  So, uh, what should we call this, uh,  brave new world that you've whipped up for us?  I was thinking  Flashpoint.  So you don't want this?  You may have figured out a way to dampen my speed  with this glass cage, but I will get out of here  and I will destroy your life, Flash, one way or the other.  No, you won't.  Ah, you're never getting out of here.  And you're never gonna hurt anybody ever again.  I have everything back that you took from me.  I have everything Zoom took.  I'm finally free.  I'm home.  This isn't your home, Barry.  This is a mirage.  A fiction that will end us both,  unless you let me the hell out of this thing!  pounds wall  Well,  you're not listening, Don.  Why would I want to get out of here?  I'm whole, here.  There's even a Flash, so I don't have to be.  Yeah, who is this dashing young speedster, huh?  Do you know? You even care?  While you sit around and hide  like a lost, lonely little boy,  letting someone else risk their life  to protect the city, our common enemy  is coming for us both.  What common enemy is that?  Time.  It's already screwing with you  and everyone you love.  And pretty soon, it's gonna take me  right down along with you.  Wow.  Wow.  You know,  you've got some nerve.  I'll give you that. sighs  Warning me about messing with other people's lives.  You you know the whole reason I did this  is because of what you did to my life.  To my family.  To my mother.  Yeah, well, one day, soon, Barry,  you'll be begging me to kill her again.  tense music  low conversation   Can you hold this for me?  Oh, yeah.  Oh, I wanted to tell you, the car's making these noises,  like a kind of a clanking noise  low conversation continues   Do you wanna drive?  Whatever you want.   Hey, slugger.  There's my beautiful boy.  Is everything all right?  Yeah.  Everything's great.  whooshing  spirited orchestral music     Mornin'!  Morning, Barry.  Mornin'.  Ah. claps Looks good.   Both: Hey.  Muah.  What is up with you?   What do you mean?  Lately, you hug me  every morning as if it's the first time   you've seen me in months.  sighs  Well, I mean, I'll stop if you really want me to.  Never. I love it.  Oh, Barry, I wanted to tell you,  I sold a house to a nice older couple   a few weeks ago.  Mmhmm.   The basement apartment.  Mmhmm.  They emailed me this morning  to tell me they wanted to rent it.   Cool.  Very reasonably.  You want me to move out?  No, no, son, come on. It's just, you know,  if you ever thought about dating  gasps Oh, I forgot to tell you guys.  The, uh, the The girl that   I've seen at Jitters  It's the girl  you've been stalking for the last three months?  I have not been stalking her.  I've been working up the courage   to ask her out.  And?   And did.  gasps   And she said yes.  gasps Ohh!  All right. Good job.  This girl just got the best guy, huh?   Aww. Mm.  Oh, honey.   All right.  Hey, Bar.   Yeah?  Have you seen Detective West?   He's  I told him  that if he was late again, he'd be facing a ten day RIP.  Uh, yeah, no, he mentioned something yesterday,  actually, about running another canvass on that Jefferson case.  Oh! Okay. Then I can see why  he hasn't answered me for the past hour.  Uh maybe he's in a weird zone or something.  A we   Cell zone.  sighs  whooshing  knock at door  door opens  knocking  Detective West?  De  Detective?  snoring  Oh, no.  No.   Hey, Joe, you got  coughs  strained Ohh  I'm sorry about this, Joe.  shower running, toothbrush brushing  whooshing  What the  playful music  Afternoon, Detective.   Oh, hey, Allen.  Hey.  So I told Captain Mendez you were canvassing  for the Jefferson case again.   Breath mint?  mints rattle  What why are you talking  to the Captain about me?  Oh, you're just a little late again.  That's my business, not yours.  I was just trying to help you out.  elevator bell dings  Am I wearing a sign that says "Help me"?  Might as well be.  Look, like they say in the movies,  we're not partners and we're not friends.   Mmhmm.  You don't know me.  You don't know my life,  so why the sudden interest in me keeping my lousy job?  And what the hell makes me so interesting to you, Mr. Allen?  Tell me. I'd really like to know.   I  And remember,  I have a hangover.  And a gun.  I    Oh, I get it.   What?  No.  I do not approve.   Hi, Barry.  Hey.   Dad.  Iris.  You think it's a good idea, dating somebody I work with?  It's just a lunch.  And truthfully, I wasn't even sure  you still worked here.   You ready?  Yeah, let's do it.  Okay.   How's it going?  Good. I just gotta  go grab my jacket.  I'm sorry about that miniscene   with my dad, earlier.  Oh, yeah.  Don't worry about it.  I just feel bad for him.  And you.  You barely even know us.  Feels like I do.  Is that weird?  Is that a weird thing to say?  No.  No, I mean, strangely, I know what you mean.  I never say yes to guys asking me out like that.  Yet, I said yes to you.  Why'd I do that?  I don't know.  Some people are just meant to  be in your life, I guess.  So, um, tell me about you.   Yeah.  Mom and Dad?  Uh, alive and well.   That's nice.  Mmhmm.  You guys close?  We are, yeah, very.  I couldn't imagine life without them.  They're like stupid in love.  I hope I have what they have someday.  You just haven't met the right girl, yet?  Is that it?  That's the thing about the right girl.  She's out there, waiting.  Just have to be lucky enough to find her.  Where'd you come from, Barry Allen?  I've always been here, Iris.  staccato pulsating  ominous music  overlapping muted sounds  pulsating fades   Are you okay?  Uh, sorry, yeah,  that, um I was just thinking   of something and  sirens wailing  I lost it.  What's going on?  Flash and the Rival are going at it  in the Werther Building.  Everyone needs to evacuate this area.  I am so sorry.  I have to go.   Really? What  Yeah, yeah.  There's something I have to do.  Uh, this this was Rain check, okay?  Anytime.  whooshing  zapping  whooshing  glass breaking, people screaming  glass shattering  Come on.  whispering Yeah, yeah, that's you  No, hey, hey, hey! No! No!  crashing  Thought I had him.  dramatic music    Wally?  Who the hell are you?  So this is your base of operations, huh?  Yeah. What were you expecting?   A fortress?  Uh, no, you know, no.  Just something a little more secure.  I mean, you never know who's gonna come  walking through that door.  Yeah, I was just about to say the same thing.   Iris.  Both: Hi.   What are you doing here?  I'm not I'm  He showed up when I was fighting the Rival,  and he already knew who I was.  Is that why you asked me out?  Because my brother is The Flash?  Uh, no, no. This is a complete coincidence.  Okay, how'd you know who I was under the mask?  Um, uh, CSI.  You know, so I just, uh Put it together.  So what I don't know is how you got your speed.  Oh, okay, so before I went on the straight and narrow,  I used to drive illegal cars.   Uhhuh.  I was messing around  with a new nitro formula to get my engine revving faster.  Then one night, I'm racing in a thunder storm,  my car get struck by lightning.  And it must have mixed with the formula  because boom!  I was in a coma for nine months.  Then when I woke up, I was the fastest man alive.   The Flash.  clears throat   More like Kid Flash.  Don't call me that.   I call you that.  Okay, how about  no one calls me that?  So how did you get involved?   I'm a reporter for CCPN.  Uhhuh.  Instead of just reporting on crimes  that are happening in the city,  I decided to do something about it.  Brother/sister crimefighting unit.  So does your dad know about you two?  You work with the guy. What do you think?  I think that we need to stop the Rival.   sighs Yeah.  We're open to suggestions.  I've been trying to run him down for months.  No luck. He's fast. Maybe faster than me.  Well, if you're willing, I think maybe I could help.  There's only one man who can help us now.  Cisco Ramon.  upbeat funky music    Money in the back     Didn't this used to be S.T.A.R. Labs?  Where have you been the past few years?   Running around.  Cisco alone  made billions with his tech apps.   Bought the building.  Billions.  Yeah, Cisco Ramon is the richest man   in America.  elevator bell dings  Oh! Is there a better way  to get to work than by helicopter?  Let me answer that. Capital N, little O.  Quite right, Mr. Ramon. As for LogicFrame,  it's a relatively small startup.  The I.P. is expected to be in the low teens.  Offer them 20 mil. chuckles    Money in the back   Huh.  Babe,  I, um, got some business to attend to,  so we'll get on that other matter later?   Not if I get on it first, huh?  Ooh  "Oh, baby," she said   Oh, oh, baby   Mm. Independent woman.  I like it. I like it.  Huh, well  I told you never to come back here.  But it was just money in the back   Said, money in the back   I make you a frictionproof suit  so your clothes don't explode at mach 2,  and you leave me out of your brother/sister war on crime.   That was the deal.  Okay, listen to me, Mr. Ramon.  We need your help.  I'm sure you've seen the Rival on TV.  He is terrorizing the city to prove that he's the fastest.  I mean, God only knows what he's gonna do next.   We have to stop him.  Okay, so stop him.  Please, go with God, have fun.  But you know what? You know what happens  when you mess with a Speedster?  That. That's what happens.  You get a vibrating hand going right through your ribcage.  No thanks.  My money needs me.  Wait, Cisco, you're not gonna help us?  Oh, that reminds me. Who the hell is this?  Huh? You brought some stranger into my lab  and told them I helped The Flash.   Cisco.  Uhuh.  I don't know you, string bean.  Str   Mr. Ramon.  Oh, yes?  I do know what kind of person you are.  Deep down, you care about helping other people.  Please, tell me more.  I heard a story about how, when you were 15,  your brother Dante owed a bookie  and he couldn't pay back what he owed,  so you gave him all the money you earned that summer  delivering pizzas to help him.  gentle music    How do you know about that?  I have a feeling that  we would work really well together as partners.  Taking down metahumans together.  I mean, it's what we're supposed to do.  We're a team.  We're friends.   inhales sharply  staccato pulsating  overlapping, discordant sounds  Hey.  I'm okay. I'm okay, I just  What was I  What was I just saying?  What is going on with you?  I'm not sure.  tense music  And here, I was starting to think  you'd forgotten all about me.  But I am forgetting.  What's happening to me?  I was wondering when you'd notice.  It's like I'll be thinking of a moment from my past  and then it It vanishes.  I can't get it back. Why?  Flashpoint. It's a side effect.  See, I told you before. You don't know  what you're doing.  This new reality you've created  is starting to overwrite the reality that you and I know.  So your original life Your friends, your family  Pretty soon, all of that will just fade away.  Why isn't it happening to you?   Not sure.  scoffs  Unless  What?  What?  laughing  What the hell's so funny?  Your speed!  laughing  The more you use it,  the faster you lose your memories.  suspenseful music  No.  No, you're lying.  You just want me to let you out of here.  That's never gonna happen.  The you I know from the future,  he's not this stupid. Pretty soon,  you won't even remember that you're The Flash.  And when that happens,  this world will become permanent.  Time will set like concrete,  and nothing will be able to change it back  to the way it was.  That's fine by me.  You know what you have to do.  You have to take me back to that night  and let me finish what I started.  You go to hell!  You're taking both of us there!  Now who's the villain, Flash?  Now who's the villain?  dramatic music  Unbelievable.  It's like I'm really there.  whooshing  Don't do that!  I told you it freaks me out.  It wasn't me.  breathing hard  Who are you?  The man who's gonna help you stop the Rival.  intense music  Barry?  Okay, so  I can tell from the "I don't believe you"  looks on your faces  that you don't believe me.  We believe you're a speedster,  but you're gonna have to explain  that part about Flashpoint again.  All right, look.  This is as simple as I can put it.  I'm gonna use this glass, Mr. Ramon.   Okay?  What?  Imagine that this line is time, okay?  I went back in time,  stopped the Reverse Flash from killing my mom.  In doing so, I created an alternate timeline,  a whole new existence where you're Kid Flash   The Flash.  Both: Kid Flash.  AnCisco's a billionaire.  So you're saying there's a time line out there  where I'm not rich?  Boy, that's a glitch in the universe.  No, not buying it.  Um, my life is my life.  Didn't just start three months ago, okay?  I've always been me.  Yeah.  I don't know what to tell you, Wally.  It's complicated.  Okay, look.  Even if we did believe you,  why are you telling us this now?  Because  I've been hiding here for too long.  The Rival needs to be stopped.  I stop the bad guys. And  we can all take him down together.  I can get him myself.  Then why haven't you?  Well, I'm not interested.  I don't know how many times I gotta tell you freaks,  I already did my bit for queen and country.  Wait, we're missing something.  Hold on. Excuse me.  What are you doing? Hey, don't touch that.  Got it.  whooshing  Oh! What just happened?  Stop bringing strangers into my lab.  Who is this?  This is Dr. Caitlin Snow.  In my timeline, she's a part of our team.  Did you You just kidnapped this woman.  No, I didn't  Well, yeah, I guess, I  She's a scientist. We need her.  I'm not a scientist.  You're not a scientist?  I'm an ophthalmologist.  An eye doctor?  Pediatric eye doctor.  And we're done.  Okay. clears throat  Can I talk to you in private?  Yeah.  Yeah.  light music     Excuse me.  Mm.  Have Iveeen kidnapped?  Unclear.  exhales Look, I'm sorry.  I know that this is hard to believe.  No, that's just it, Barry.  I do believe you.  You do?  You believe me?  I have a good life.  I have a good job.  I love my brother.  But something has been off. Something has been missing.  And that feeling that something  is not right with my life,  that went away the moment that I met you.  soft music    We're something else to each other  where you come from, aren't we?  Yes.  What?  It's  it's escaped definition.  But it's love?  Because this is what love feels like.  Since the day that I met you.  Hey.  snaps fingers We got something.  Turns out kiddie eye doc here actually had a good idea.  I have always wondered why no one  turned the speed cameras in the city  to register near sonic velocities.  Seems like a readybuilt early warning system.  So I reprogrammed the cameras.  computer beeping  Babadook!  There's your rival.  The old sawmill out by Williamson.  All right. Follow my lead?  The Flash doesn't follow anyone.  Listen to him, Wally.  He's the Flash.  You know,  you would be an excellent candidate for Lasik.  You know how to flank?  People always say that in the movies.  Is that, like, a thing, "flanking"?  What are you talking about "flank"  Yes, flanking's a thing.  All right, look.  I'm gonna go at him head on.  You attack at a 90degree angle.  When he turns to fight you,  leaves himself vulnerable to me.  When he turns to fight me  I get him. Exactly how it should be.  How'd you find this place, Flash?  I'm so gonna kick your ass.  chuckles Oh ho ho  There's two of you now?  Okay. Is that supposed to scare me?  A little quaking in your boots wouldn't be inappropriate.  Well, here's how scared I am of you.  My name is Edward Clariss.  Rivals should know each other's names.  I mean, you might as well tell me,  since neither of you are leaving this place alive.  Who are you?  Me?  I'm the Flash.  That's all you need to know.  Well, after I rip that cowl off your corpse,  I'll know who you are.  Just another pretender  who thought they could take me on.  So who wants to meet the Speed Force first?  Hey, stay in position.  I can take him.  I got this.  whooshing  exciting music    The Flash is taking on the Rival at Prescott Sawmill.  Get down there, make sure the action  doesn't spill out into the neighborhood.  We can't leave the Flash out there alone.  exciting music continues    Whoo!  grunts, gasps  Wally!  gasping  Wally!  Telemetry from the suit  says he's still alive.  Barely.  Hey, hey, hey hey.  You're going to be okay, all right?  You're gonna be okay.  I'm gonna get you out of here.  That one was never my rival.  You could be, though.   You want to find out?  bat clatters  Defeat me,  and I'll let you take your little friend for help.  No.  You're the one who's gonna need help.  whooshing  exciting music resumes  exciting music    mysterious music  muted, overlapping sounds  Goodbye, Flash.  dramatic music    grunts  Oh, my God.  It's like "Twister" in there,  the movie, not the game.  The satellite's picking up two distinct funnel patterns.  Tornados measure at F3 on the Fujita scale.  This guy's like a Weather Wizard or something.  wind whipping  dramatic music continues    Guys!  I can't stop him.  Listen to me, Barry.  You said we love each other in that other life.  If I were your Iris from over there,  I'm sure I would know exactly what to say,  but I don't.  All I can say is I believe in you.  And you can stop this guy.  Be the Flash, Barry.  Because that's who you are.  You're the Flash.  dramatic music  I'm the Flash.  dramatic music continues    That's impossible.  dramatic music continues    grunts  gasping, panting  You really are the fastest man alive.  It's over.  moans  gunshot  Joe.  It's Wally. He needs help.  Wally?  Wally?  Son!  panting Oh  Son, can you hear me?  somber music    Wally's vitals are low,  and he's lost a lot of blood.  He should be rapidly healing.  It's one of the gifts of being a speedster.  He's not. I'm sorry.    Am I free to go?  Mmhmm.  This is why I didn't want to get involved.  Crime fighting sucks.  I thought I could just make things better,  but everybody's been paying for my hap.  Will you help me?  Do what?  Make things right.   chuckles  Ah oh, I need that.  You don't need that.   both laugh  You do not need that.  delicate music  Hey, guys.   Hey.  Hey, slugger.  Who's this?  This is Iris.   It's nice to meet you, Iris.  Hi.  Can I get you something to drink?  Oh, no, I'm okay. Thanks, Mrs. Allen.  You okay, Barry?  Yeah, I just  wanted to see you both one more time.  What does that mean?  Nothing.  Nothing. I, uh    These last three months have been the best.  Just getting to spend time with you.  I just wanted you to know how grateful I am,  to both of you, to be your son.  Barry, you're scaring me.  No, there's  There's nothing to be afraid of.  Promise.  I just  I love you both.  plaintive music    ominous music  overlapping, discordant sounds  Hey, Barry!  Are you okay?  panting  It's getting worse.  We have to hurry before it's too late.  Having a bad day, Barr?  Well if it isn't the future Mrs. Allen.  Barry told me not to listen to anything you say.  Oh. That's just bad advice.  'Cause I'm the answer man.  laughs  I am the answer to all your prayers.  All you need to do is ask me, Barry.  We need to go back in time.  To that night.  To do what?  You know what I need you to do.  Yeah.  But I want to hear you say it.  I need you to kill my mother.  With pleasure.  I hate you.  And I hate you.  And I sometimes wonder which of us is right.  It seems weird to wish you good luck.  I'm so sorry about all this.  Will I know when things change back?  Will I feel it?  It'll be like it never happened.  I'll see you soon.  Barry!  Get back!  God, I wish I could kill you.   But today  Barry gasps  I get to be the hero.  whooshing  No!  men grunting  You're not gonna kill her this time.  You're not gonna kill her ever again.  grunting  panting  It's okay.  It's okay.  I'm not gonna hurt you.   sobbing  I'm not gonna hurt you.  Okay?  You're safe.  You're safe now.  Actually  She's not.  dramatic music    panting  Please don't hurt me.  No!  dramatic music    panting  There we go.  Things are back to how they should be.  Well, for me, anyway.  For you  chuckles  Well,  I guess you'll just have to wait and find out.  What? What does that mean?  See you sometime soon, Flash.  whooshing  What's this for?  Just glad you're here.  Are you okay?  Ohho.  Yeah, I am now. Yeah.  You just lost your father, Barry.  You don't have to be okay.  Actually, I feel closer to my parents  than I ever have.  Well, good, son.   To your pops.  To Henry.  To my Dad.  bottles clink  Where's Iris?  That ain't funny.  I'm gonna chalk that up to grief.  I'll see you both in the morning.  What was that about?  Are you kidding me?  You know Iris isn't here.  What?  They don't talk, Barry.  You know that.  intense musical buildup    Oh, God. What did I do?    Clariss.  louder Clariss!  gasps Oh!  Who's there?  It's time to wake up.  highpitched scratching  dramatic musical buildup    scratching continues        
"The Flash"  We just beat Zoom.  Why does it feel like I just lost?  I feel more broken than I've ever felt.  Wherever you need to go,  whatever you need to do, do it.  I'll be here.  whooshing  grunts  You're safe.  So what should we call this brave new world?  I was thinking Flashpoint.  My name is Edward Clariss.  Rivals should know each other's names.  gunshot  It's like I'll be thinking of a moment from my past and it vanishes.  This isn't your home, Barry.  It's a mirage.  Things are back to how they should be.  Well, for me, anyway. For you?  I guess you'll just have to wait and find out.  Where's Iris?  You know Iris isn't here. They don't talk, Barry.  Oh, God. What did I do?  I made a big mistake. I just couldn't  take it anymore, you know?  What happened with Zoom, my dad dying,  my mother's death, me becoming The Flash.  All of it. I wanted a new life.  I wanted to start over. And that's what I did.  But somehow I I made things worse.  dramatic music  whooshing   No.  So I reset everything.  I put everything back to the way that it was before.  Except some things weren't the same anymore.   Not even a little bit.  Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Slow down.   Take a breath.  inhales, exhales deeply  You were talking way too fast.   Yeah.  What happened?  I really screwed up, Felicity.  And this time I don't know if I can fix it.  Okay, let me get this straight.   You ran back in time?  Yeah.  Stopped ReverseFlash from killing your mom  and then lived in an alternate reality  where both your parents were alive?   Yeah.  And then you  restored the timeline, came back  to the moment you left, and noticed   that things were different?  Exactly.  Does that just happen when you travel through time?  Do things just change like that?  No, I mean, not like this.  Not on I don't know. I don't know Felicity.  I don't know what I'm gonna do.  Okay, why don't you just run me through  walk me through what happened?  And we'll, uh, we'll try and figure it out.  So what changed?  motorcycle engine roars, tires screech  I knew once I got back last night  some things had changed, but before  I could figure out exactly how much,  I had to deal with someone this morning.  whooshing, metal clanking  You are not gonna get too far  on that thing anymore, are you?  I will be taking these back to the jewelry store   you stole them from.  siren wailing  But, uh, you can keep these if you'd like.  bullets clinking  Good luck with that. clicks tongue  whooshing  After he was taken care of, I went to S.T.A.R. Labs,  and that's when I found out  a lot more had changed than I realized.  What kind of idiot still thinks  I can't outrun bullets?  That guy should be the criminal poster boy  for what not to do against The Flash.  So what are we gonna call him?   You mean like a nickname?  Yeah.  Cisco does it for all of them, he's like the master of it.  Can't just call him Suspect on a Motorcycle,  Right? What do you think?   I don't know.  I'll take this one.  Uh, The Crook. Lame?   A FiveFinger  How about Thief?  He robs stuff. Let's just call him Thief.  Gotta get to the gym. Excuse me.  The gym? Is he is he, like, working out now or  You know, Barry, sometimes your jokes  just aren't very funny.  I should I should get back to the paper.  It's okay. I was just leaving.  Hey, guys Hey, Joe. Look, hey, I'm sorry.  Look, I just, I know you guys aren't speaking  to each other right now, but I was just thinking  maybe we could talk about why that is for a minute.  I No.   Dude.  No, we can't.  Okay, I'm sorry. I just look.  I'm sorry, I just thought, I don't know,  maybe it would be good for you guys just to  hear it said out loud. This is because  of what he did, Barry, not me.   Iris.  What?  What could you possibly have to say?  somber music  I'll just see you at the station, all right?  Nice job with, uh, Thief.   Uh, give me a lift to CCU?  Sure.  So you're still taking engineering classes.   Yeah.  Yeah, cool.  All right, well, good good luck with that.   What is wrong with you?  Nothing.  Are you trying to make me as mad at you as I am at him?  No, no, look, I'm I'm sorry, I  I guess I don't fully understand why you're so upset at him.  sighs  Then maybe you shouldn't bring it up again.  Yeah.  How about we talk about us instead?  Us? You you mean you and me,  like, trying this?  I just thought with everything  that's happened lately and everything  that you've been through,  I wanted to make sure that you still felt the same.  Well, Iris, I did what you said.  I went where I needed to go,  I did what I needed to do,  and I'm ready.  I never told you to do that.  Yeah, no, you did on the porch,  right after we beat Zoom, right before you   Wow, you kissed Iris.  Well, not anymore.  I've kissed Iris West twice, and I have managed  to erase both times from existence.  Man, I hate it when that happens.  That's just the least of my problems today.  Joe, hey hey, man, um, can we talk for a second?  Yeah, I just gotta drop this off for Singh.  Oh, Captain Singh's back? That's just terrific.  Yeah, why, did he go somewhere?  Uh, no maybe. I don't know, I  Is that cowl cutting off all the oxygen in your brain?  What? No, I'm fine. Why? Why?  Because you've been acting real odd lately.  Asking why Iris wasn't at the house last night.  And that stunt you pulled at S.T.A.R. Labs this morning.  You know damn well why she's not talking to me.  Of course. Uh, because sh  Because I should have told her her mother was alive  but I didn't.  Yeah, but she forgave you for that.  Ah one would think that she would have.  I don't know if she ever will or not,  but you sticking your nose into it isn't helping, Bar.   Good intentions and all.  I was okay.  We found another husk this morning.  Husk?  Singh wants this processed ASAP.  Yes, the skin husks we've been finding around  the city are the ones we think are attached to the metahumans.  This is now the fourth one.  Well, let's figure out what's happening  before there's a fifth.  Yes, sir.  stammers  Deep breaths.  Um, hello?  Yes. Hello, Mr. Allen.  I can still see you're there and no,  I don't want your help, thank you.  What are you doing here, Julian Albert,  metahuman CSI Specialist?  I did tell you the metahuman conference   was only for two days.  Okay, but this is  Still our lab unfortunately.  Yes, County forgot to mention that significant detail  before assigning me, but here we are.  Looks like you and I get to be roomies  for a little longer than we'd hoped.  Roomies.  There's a whole new guy at work   that you didn't even know about?  Yeah.  And he's worked there for almost a year.  And he doesn't like me very much, apparently.  Well, that's impossible. Everybody likes Barry Allen.  You're like pudding. Everybody likes pudding.  Not everyone.   I hated that we never spoke.  I think the thing that haunts me the most is the fact  that I never told him I loved him.  Or that I idolized him.  I have memories of Dante all the time.  But they don't feel like gifts.  They feel like reminders  of what I did wrong,  and how I'll never make another memory with Dante again.  Excuse me.  What are you doing here?  Oh, wait a second. Now you wanna be there for me?  I'm just trying to understand.  My brother's dead.  There's nothing to understand.  Exit's that way.  So you altered the timeline,  Joe and Iris don't talk anymore,  there's a guy at work a new guy  who doesn't like you, you never kissed Iris,  and Cisco's brother is dead.  Admittedly, that is an issue.  And what if there's more?  Well, has anything here changed?  sighs No, I don't know. I mean,  everything seems the same, I think.  Good.   Can I use hold on.  Uh  I'll be real careful.  I got it, don't worry. I got it.  keyboard clacking rapidly  Yeah, I don't know I mean, everything looks okay.  Wait.  Who's that young boy with Dig?  No way. He didn't have kid before?  No, he had a kid. He has he has a kid.  Yeah, it was baby Sara.  Baby John.  No. Are you  Oh, my God. It really can affect us.  Okay, you know what? I don't wanna know anymore.  Okay, I know this is a lot of pressure,  but everything's gonna be all right.   I screwed up everyone's life.  Yeah, well, maybe   you should tell them.  I'm not gonna tell them.  I mean, how is that gonna help? That's just  gonna make everything worse. I mean I don't know   how to fix this.  Okay, well,  you're gonna figure it out. If there's one thing  I've learned from you,  is that with you, anything is possible.  Why? 'Cause I'm The Flash?  No. Because you are Barry Allen.  And sweet, loving, kind Barry Allen  that everybody likes,  the Barry Allen who's just like pudding,  can fix this.  So go and fix this.  Yeah.  Okay, you're right. Yeah.   Now!  Right now?   Yes!  Okay, all right.  dramatic music  deep whooshing  Stop!  Find me.  Who? Who?  scraping on glass  monastic chanting  I am Alchemy.  I have visions  of another life.  Please, make them stop.  Is that what you really want?  To make the visions stop?  Or do you want them to come true?  To be fast again?   To have speed?  Yes.  Do you want that other life?  That's what I want.  Once again, you will have power.  And no man will be your rival.  chuckles  Julian, I thought you could use some help on this one.  You know, the two heads thing and all.  I don't need any help, Detective.  Especially from him.   What is that?  Another epidermal husk, Allen.  A fully intact human pelt,  comprised of nothing but the stratum corneum.  You see what I mean?  Do we have any theories as to what's causing them?  Well, I'll take a wild guess at it and say  it's the same thing that created the last four husks.  Spalling could be caused from toxic epidermal necrolysis,  or maybe some kind of moist desquamation  from intense radiation exposure.   We've had a lot of  Radioactive metas.  Yes, thank you, Allen. I've read all the case studies.  I'll tell you what, when I figure it out,  I'll enlighten you then, shall I?  Thanks.  How have I worked with this guy for the past year?  Yeah, you say that all the time.  I'm sure I do.  Julian?  Are you certain that Barry can't  take a sample or something to speed things along?  sighs I'm sure, Detective.  Quite sure.  whooshes  You might wanna get that to S.T.A.R. Labs.  Yeah.  You know, there's really not that much here.  Yeah, no, I know. It's basically touch DNA.  I had to steal the sample because our metahuman expert   wouldn't let me take one.  Oh, you mean Julian Albert?  sighs Yeah, you know him?  Yeah, we've known him for a while.  He's the best.   Um, you need me?  No, I think I got this.   But thank you.  Okay.  Cisco told me you showed up  to his bereavement group last night.  Yeah, I did.  He also tell you it didn't go so well?  It's only been a few months since Dante  was killed by that drunk driver.  I'm sure he just needs a little bit more time.  Wait, why is he so mad at me?  Oh, no. I'm staying out of that.  Cait, he'll he'll barely look at me  unless other people are in the room.  Maybe it's just easier when the rest of us are around.  sighs  Do you think maybe you could convince him  to come with you to my house for dinner tonight?   Why?  So I can try to fix things  between us, maybe between Joe and Iris, too.  Just all of us together again in one room  and try to work this out once and for all.  Think you can do that?  Okay.  But how are you gonna get Joe and Iris there?  Joe? Hey, Joe.  Um, so I talked to Iris and she just has  a few things that she wants to say to you.  Bar, I thought I told you to stay out of this.  Oh, no, no, no. This was all her, I swear.  So she just, out of the blue,  decided now she wants to talk to me?   claps hands softly  whooshing  Hey, um, so Joe said that he'd give you  what you need about the husks for a story.   Hi.  Hi.  Uh, what? He just decided, out of the blue, to tell me?  No one at the precinct will say anything.  Even Julian. Oh, I hate that guy.  Yeah, you always say that.  Um, when does he want to do it?  Uh, tonight, at the house.  He said he's making your favorite.  Okay, he's out of his mind.  He knows I will not go back there,  even if he does make one of Grandma Esther's recipes, so   whooshing, papers falling  When?  Uh, tonight. Tonight, yeah.   Um, at the house.  At the house?   Yeah.  She vowed she'd never   set foot in the house again.  Unless you made dinner.   chuckles Dinner?  Yeah, like old times.  So, one of her favorites,  like Grandma Esther's recipes, maybe.  Okay. I suppose I can make something.   Which dish?  whooshing  He said he'd make the chicken.  I hate the chicken. I like the noodles.   Oh, noodles, okay.  Why are you out of breath?  I'm not out of breath. Uh, Joe also thought  maybe just to take some pressure off that he'd invite  Caitlin and Cisco.   Okay, um, what time?  Uh, 7:00.   All right.  whooshing  Um, 7:00 will work, by the way.   Okay, but which dish?  I mean, I was thinking  maybe to take some pressure off, you could invite   Caitlin and Cisco.  That's a good idea,  'cause if we're gonna do this, I gotta get started.  Yeah, I got it. No problem, yeah.   Bar?  Yeah?   Which dish?  Noodle dish.  Yeah, noodle dish.  whimsical music  This hits the spot, huh?  You can thank Grandma Esther.  No, I mean, it's good. I just meant, um  all of us, actually, just here, together.  I was actually thinking, um, that maybe it'd be fun  if we all went away together for a few days.  Just like a little Team Flash vacay.   And do what?  Bond. gulps   Reconnect.  You mean like a retreat?   Nah.  With trust exercises?  Epic fail, party of six.  I just I just feel like we're not the team  that we were or can be.  sighs  No one?  I'd be down for it.  Okay.  So other than Wally,  I'm the only one that thinks that's a good idea?  I don't think The Flash really takes vacations.  Especially with all these husks showing up all over town.  Speaking of husks, I'm glad you're finally ready  to open up about them.  Iris, I already told you, I can't tell you  anything about this case.  Oh, really?  Because that's not what I was told.  Strange. I was under the impression  you had some things to say to me, too.  Isn't that right, Bar?  Told you. Epic fail.  Okay, look, yeah. I arranged this.  I put all this together. I'm sorry, guys.  Look, I just we're not acting like a team,  and I just wanted things back to how they were.   Just fixed.  If you wanted things fixed,  maybe you should have gone back in time  and stopped my brother from dying.  somber music  You want me to change the timeline to save Dante?  Why would you do that? It's not like he's your brother.  cell phones beep, vibrate  Metahuman app. We gotta go.  dramatic music  sighs  whooshing  whooshing  Remember me, Flash?  Clariss?  Clariss?  dramatic music  Oh, you do remember, Flash?  Good, yeah.  Because I remember everything, too.   How are you here?  It doesn't matter.  You see, what does matter  is that I know your little secret.  You changed the timeline.  Because if I recall correctly,  the only Speedsters in my other life  were me and that smartass Kid Flash,  until you showed up and stole everything from me!  I didn't steal anything from you, Clariss.  I I was just trying to put things back  to the way they're supposed to be.  This is how my life is supposed to be!  For years, I felt like something was missing.  And now I know why.  Well, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to do this to you.  Yeah, well, you did.  And here I am.  Your Rival, back again.  Believe me, Flash, this time,  you're not gonna steal my life so easily.  whooshing  thud  grunting  whooshing  whooshing  We finally get rid of Zoom,  and there's another evil Speedster?  Who is this guy, now?  I can help you with that.  I finally got the results back  from the test I ran on the husk  that Barry gave me this morning.  And it's weird, because there's  no traces of dark matter,  but there are traces of the Speed Force.  And that's the husk from this Speedster?  Appears so. His name is  Edward Clariss.  And somehow Barry is exactly right.  Can I talk to you for a second?  Yeah.  sighs  pensive music  S.T.A.R. Labs isn't the only one  with access to the city's security cams.  It's pretty obvious that this guy knows you.  You want to tell me what that's about?  This is why you've been acting so weird lately  trying to get me and my dad talking again,  tricking all of us into dinner tonight  because you're keeping something from us.  You need to tell me what is going on, Barry.  Right now.  And if you lie to me  this thing between us, it cannot happen.  You're right, and, uh, I'm sorry, I  I did this. All of this.  It's my fault and I've been trying to fix it.  But I think that there's only one way to do that now.  I'm sorry, Iris.  whooshing  thrilling music  grunts, panting  Flash?  Flash.  Here, put these on.  We need to talk.  Call you up in the middle of the night   Like a firefly without a light   Where are we?  Motorcar Diner in Central City.  Yeah, I meant what year?   Runaway train never going back   Care to get something to eat?  'Cause I'm starved. The corn beef hash here   is the best I've ever had.  This is why you pulled me  out of the Speed Force?   Buy me a meal?  Because you were  about to reset the timeline again  after screwing it all up.  Oh, yeah, I know about that.   How did you  After your  notsosubtle reaction when you first met me  Harry told me all that happened with Zoom and your mom  and your dad, so I decided  I'd keep my eye on you for a bit.   He tell you anything else?  He did.  I'm your father's doppelganger.  Sorry about that.  It's just really weird.  And really sad, too I'm sure.  Having a loss like that in your life,  I see why you'd wanna erase it.  Who wouldn't try to save their parents?
  I understand that, Barry, completely.  But the thing is, there are consequences  to time travel.  I have heard all of this before.  Not from me you haven't.  I'm not some Doctor with a theory, Barry.  I'm a Speedster, like you, who's travelled in time,  and made these same mistakes you are making right now.  Here, let me show you something.   Okay, you know what?  Humor me, kid.   This coffee cup right here.  All right, yeah.  Think of it as the spacetime continuum.  Whenever you go back in time it breaks.  vibrates rapidly and shatters   For real? I mean  Now  you can reset the timeline, you can try to fix it,  but no matter how hard you try  it's never gonna be exactly how it was.  Look, I've learned all this stuff  that I didn't know before, okay?   I'm not gonna make the same  Mistakes.  Yeah, what you just said right there?  That is the paradox of time travel,  and also the paradox of life.  I mean, if I only knew then what I know now.  Why have these powers if I can't go back  and fix what I broke?  We're not gods, we're men,  who, for whatever reason, have been given  extraordinary abilities.  The question you need to ask yourself is,  what kind of hero are you gonna be?  Are you just gonna take a doover  every time you make a mistake?  Or will you live with them and move forward?  Where's Barry?  whooshing  I need to tell you all something.  The truth.  The truth about what?  sighs Okay, um  after Zoom killed my dad,  after we defeated him, um  I wasn't in a great space,  and I felt like the only way I could fix that was  to run back in time and save my mom.  You stopped the ReverseFlash from killing your mom?  Yeah.  Wait, so, is she alive?  She was. For a few months.  I lived with her and my dad.  I had a completely different life.  I wasn't even The Flash for most of it.  I don't understand.  You created a whole other existence.  How is that possible?  sighs  Okay, um  I'll do the this is the timeline.  This is the point that we exist on it right now.  This past point is where my mom was murdered.  So when I saved her, I created a new reality.  A new timeline.   I was living in  A mirror universe.  It's called a Flashpoint, apparently.  But you decided to leave it. Why?  That life started to spin out of control.  This guy, Clariss,  he was a Speedster there, too.  He was known as the Rival.  He caused a lot of problems.  So, um  I decided to run back in time again and let things happen  as they were supposed to, in hopes of  resetting the timeline, but   But what?  But, um,  when I came back, things weren't the same.  You mean people. Like us.  Yeah, yeah.  Um, I created another timeline.  Uh, it's the one we're living in now.  It's not as different as the last one.  Not in large ways, but in some ways,  in smaller ways, and, uh, meaningful ways  for all of you or anybody that's close to me.  And I can't ever really put it back together.  Barry, that's a lot to take in.  Yeah, it is.  We got along in that other life,  my dad and I, didn't we?  That's why you've been working so hard  to get us talking again.  Okay, here's the thing. Um, I will tell you  what's different, all of you, if you wanna know.  But you have to live with those differences  because I can't change it again.  But at least you'll know.  And you all deserve that choice.  So you decided it was okay to change things  when someone in your family dies,  but when it's someone in my family  I'm gonna go talk to him.  Hey.  What are you working on?  These are the gauntlets for my suit.  And you probably know nothing about that.   Do you?  I'm really trying here, Cisco.  Barry, I'm the one who's been trying.  I've been trying this whole time  to get you to do this one thing for me,  but you kept saying, "No, Cisco.  I can't, Cisco. I would never do that, Cisco."  And now you're telling me you went and did it   for yourself.  Were you listening?  It it went bad. It went really bad.  I don't care!  At least I'd have my brother back.  Yeah, you would have him back,  but because of it, somebody might have something  happen to them that's just as awful  as what happened to Dante, and trust me,  you don't want that on your conscience.  It's a heavy burden to bear.  And I don't know how many times I've said this, but  I'm really sorry about Dante, man.  Sorry doesn't change anything.  No, it doesn't, but I can't go back.  I can't change it.  All I can do is move forward.  I really hope you can, too.  Hey, um, I need your help.  It's the four words I seem to hear you  most often say, Barry.  That and, "I hate that guy."  Which, the feeling's mutual, so  Mmhmm. Okay, um,  this is gonna be hard for you,  but I just, for a second,  need you to imagine that we're actually friends.  Can't do it.   Friendly.  Equally as challenging, Barry.   Hmm.  But I'll give it a whirl.  What are you after? I need to read your report   on one of the husks.  Which one?  The one from this morning. Edward Clariss.   Edward Clariss?  Yeah.   Why?  May help me figure out  a case I'm working on.  Well, the nutshell is, uh,  the hyaluronic acids were found to be above normal.  Uh, androgen degradation atypically low.   Mmhmm.  Cellular regeneration  seemed to occur at a staggering rate.   Mmhmm.  It's quite a bit different  from the previous husks that we found.  That's about it. Could I  could I maybe just take a peek at it?  I'm sorry, it's just something I need to see   to know what I'm looking for.  scoffs   Sure.  Great, thank you.  Wait, why does this say the body's place of discovery  was Williamson when it was found on the waterfront in Leawood?  The body ended up in Leawood.  There was a strong current this morning,  so chances are that it originated from Williamson.  Somewhere near the old Prescott sawmill.   You done?  Yeah, uh, yes.  Thank you.  whooshing  You found me again, Flash.  I wondered how long it'd take you this time   to figure it out.  Wasn't too hard.  I see you didn't bring your little sidekick   with you, though.  Nope.   Just me.  That's too bad.  I brought one.   beam blasting  grunts  dramatic music  Oh, and Flash? A little, uh,  quaking in your boots wouldn't be inappropriate.   So?  He changed our lives, Iris.  And he kept that secret from us.  You really just want us to just be okay with that?  All I'm saying, Wally, is that he made a mistake.   Yeah, he did.  Cisco, we all make mistakes  to protect the people that we love.  I mean, you told Captain Cold that Barry was The Flash  in order to protect your brother.  Okay. Not my finest moment.  That's my point. It was one decision  made in one moment.  One very heartwrenching moment.  Look, guys, we're like a family here, okay?  And sometimes families get mad at each other  for screwing up.  I know that all too well.  But they also forgive.  Because after a while, it just seems silly  when you stop and think about it.  sentimental music  chuckles  Guys, Iris is right.  We all have secrets.  We've all screwed up, but this is Barry  we're talking about.  computer beeping  Who apparently is in trouble.  dramatic music   beam blasting  grunting  And who are you?  I am Alchemy.  Okay, well, what do you want?  To help people achieve their true potential  such as he has.  And why are you doing this?  Because I'm preparing this world.   whooshing  grunting  Remember what happened here last time, Flash?  It's where I died.  grunting  And I'm not gonna waste this second chance I've been given.  This time, I'm gonna show you who's the fastest man alive.   grunts  metal clangs   computer beeping rapidly  Barry? Barry!  His coms aren't working.  He's at the Prescott Mill.  That's right around the corner.  We gotta do something.  whooshing  grunting  Having fun yet, Flash?  'Cause I'm having a blast.  grunting  Ah!  grunting  Ah!  whooshing  Time to look for a new rival.  laser beam blasts  Stay away from my friend.  whooshing  both grunting  glasses beep  Thank you.  Sorry it took so long.  You were just in time.  Nothing. No mention of Alchemy anywhere.  No maskwearing monk metas.   Not even close.  I didn't find  any known aliases in any of the records at CCPD.  And Clariss won't say anything either.  All right, well, keep at him. Alchemy is the one that gave   Clariss back his speed.  He's kinda like a doctor,  that way, don't you think?  Come on, don't pretend like "Doctor Alchemy"  doesn't have a nice ring to it.  Okay, well, that explains why he didn't have  any traces of dark matter in his cells.  He didn't get his powers from the particle accelerator,  he got them from Alchemy.  What was that?  Doctor Alchemy.  laughs How could he do that?  I don't know, but we need to figure it out.  There's gonna be more.  Alchemy Doctor Alchemy said that he is  preparing this world.   Preparing the world?  Mmhmm.  For what? Like, the second coming or something?  I think that everyone that had powers in Flashpoint  is gonna get them back.  Well, we already found four other husks,  which means there's at least that many  running around Central City right now.  We need to find him before he changes  more people's lives.  Speaking of changing lives,  we all talked about it, Barry, and we don't want to know  what our lives were like in Flashpoint.  You sure?  To quote the wise words of Harry,  "What's the point, Allen?"  I gotta get to the precinct.  Uh, stop by Jitters on the way?  Yeah, it's on me.  Oh, good. Then I'm coming, too.  sentimental music  Yo, um, I've just been thinking that it was pretty cool  having someone out there with me last night.  And, I don't know, maybe we could  make that a thing every once in a while.  I I got some things to work on  before I start doing that.  Yeah.  Maybe someday.  It'd be pretty bitchin'.  Glad to see everything's starting to  get back to the way it was.  Yeah. I mean  mostly.  You have nothing to worry about, Cait.  I think out of everyone, actually, you're the only one  that wasn't really affected when I messed with the timeline.  I mean, unless you're secretly moonlighting  as an ophthalmologist.   A what?  Kidding, nothing.  Just a Flashpoint joke. I'll see you later.  suspenseful music  ice crackling   What's that?  That's the finished  Edward Clariss report.  Or should I say The Rival?  At least, that's what The Flash called him  last night when he took him into Iron Heights.   Huh.  I thought you might  want to see it.  You know, to do with your other case.  Actually it turns out there was no connection.  Hm.  You know, I have to ask you.  Hm?   How did you know his name?  What?  Yesterday, you came in and you asked  for Edward Clariss' report, but I didn't tell you  who that husk belonged to, so that means  you stole a sample when you showed up to my crime scene.  How did you do that?   I  laughs Oh, wow.  You've really got this good guy routine thing down, haven't you?  And everyone just buys it.  There is something not right about you, Allen.  They don't see it but I do.   Is that right?  Yes.  chuckles You know why I don't actually like you, don't you?  exhales  I don't trust you.  And I don't like things that I don't trust.  See you tomorrow, roomie.   Hey.  Hey.  Hi.  I was hoping you'd be here.  Yeah. Dad and I just polished off  Grandma Esther's noodle dish.  Oh, did you leave me some?   Too slow, Flash.  Ooh.  both laugh  So you guys are?  We're good.  Are you sure you don't wanna know about the other timeline?  No, I guess, in my mind, wherever you go,  you'll always be Barry,  and I'll always be Iris.  And we always find each other.  sentimental music  ominous music  You failed.  You failed, Clariss.  I'm sorry. Please  let me try again.  Alchemy!   faint electrical crackling  No, no, no, no, no.  rumbling, booming  No! screams
1 Barry: My name is Barry Allen,  and I am the fastest man alive.  To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist,  but secretly, with the help of my friends at S.T.A.R. Labs,  I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.  In an attempt to stop the evil speedster Savitar,  I was accidentally thrust into the future,  and I saw him murder the woman that I love.  But I won't let that happen.  I'm gonna do everything in my power to change the future,  and I'm the only one fast enough to keep her alive.  I am The Flash.  Previously on "The Flash"  The Philosopher's Stone has been the key to everything.  So we destroy the Stone, and Savitar is gone for good.  There's only one thing we can do with it.  Throw it into the Speed Force.  I have to do what I can to help.  I'm the guy who avoided his dying mother for weeks.  I have a whole lot to make up for.  I like you, Julian, but I'm also afraid of my powers  and what they could do to anyone who gets close to me.  I didn't ask for these powers,  just like you didn't ask to be used by Savitar.  I think we should be terrified together.  Sure. Together it is.  It's crazy how fast I've gotten in such a short time.  And I'm gonna need you to get a lot faster.  I'm not gonna save Iris from Savitar; you are.  growling  Iris West, will you marry me?  gasps  exciting music      grunts    And Wally just beat his personal best.  Oh, Barry's putting him through the wringer today.  Excuse Barry? Excuse me?  Uh, yeah, I suppose it could be Barry,  or it could be his genius coach, whose sole purpose  on this Earth is milking epic greatness  from those around him.  Thank you very much.   It could also be Jesse.  What?  Come on, Wally doesn't want to get beat by his girlfriend.  Also, please, just refrain from  using "milk" as a verb from now on, please.  exciting music  I'm getting kind of dizzy.  You're supposed to get dizzy, Wallace!  You're supposed to get exhausted on this route.  It's supposed to simulate  the stress that you're gonna feel  when you finally confront Savitar,  so my suggestion to you is, suck it up, buttercup!  Milking epic greatness.  Yeah, no kidding.  Why don't you take it down a little, tiger mom?  Barry and Jesse are at the final mark.  Get ready.  Wally's at the home stretch.  Come on    stopwatch beeps  dramatic music   Guys?  0.21 seconds.    0.21.  Just fast enough to save Iris from Savitar.  You did it.  laughs   You did it.  We did it.   You did it!  You did it.  suspenseful music  You okay?  stammers Uh, yeah, yeah.  I'm just happy.  We all are, Wally.  We all are.     Julian. Hi.   Ah, Caitlin, how are you?  How are you? It  You've come straight from the airport?  Uh yes, yes, uh  Barry said he had something to tell me. Is he here?  He'll be here any minute, I'm sure.   Shall we? Yeah?  Yes, we shall.  chuckles We shall.  indistinct conversation   Look who I found.  Hey, guys.  Oh!   How are we doing?  Julian.  It's good to see you. Good to see you all.  Jesse, I thought you were heading back to Earth2.  I actually decided to stick around for a little while.  Hey, does anybody know what's going on?  I mean, I got a mountain of paperwork back at the office.  No, not the foggiest. I was gonna ask you.  Ah. Welcome home, James.  Can I brew you a proper cup of tea?  And a robust pickmeup for you, mate.  No need. We hit Jitters on the way.  Got everybody something. You guys are  I thought you were on deadline.  I am.  You ready?   For you.  Here.  Okay. What is going on with you two?   Uh, do you want to?  Mmmm.  This is all you.   Okay, here goes.  Mmhmm.  Um clears throat  sighs   gasps  No!  Congratulations! That's so exciting!  Thank you. Thanks.   Hey, thanks, man.  Wow.  You did it. This is this is fantastic.  Well done, Joe. Congratulations.  Dad, say something, please.  soft music    My baby girl.  You have grown into a beautiful woman.  You're marrying the best man I know.  Thanks.  You two bring me nothing but joy.   I'm so happy for you.  Okay.  This cuteness right here, I cannot   Congrats.  Thanks, man.   Thank you.  Yeah.  And speaking of, um,  best man  I'll do it. Of course.  When Barry and I first met   H.R.  You mean him.  Okay, good.  I  I'd be honored. Really.  I mean, as long as I can get that plusone.  'Cause, you know, me and Gypsy,  we about to tear up the dance floor for you guys.   laughter  Barry.   Can I talk to you for a second?  Yeah, yeah.  laughter  Now, I wanted to be sure that you heard what I said in there.  I couldn't be happier.  Okay, right.  So  why didn't you ask my permission?  I mean, I told you the story  of me asking Francine's dad's permission,  like, a hundred times.  At least, yeah. And that's a great story.  Eh, but you missed the point?  I yeah, I  I don't it was spontaneous.  I knew you'd say yes, and I wanted to surprise you.  Yo. There's a threealarm fire in the Raab building.  Fire department is evacuating it now.  Jesse is a little preoccupied with the ring,   so it's just you and me.  Okay.   What you two waiting for? Go.  Yeah.  sirens wailing    Wallace  Wallace West.  dramatic music  grunts  Wally    What the hell?  growling  Wally.  Hey.  What's happening? What's wrong?  Where'd he go?   gasps  Who?  Where is he?  Who? Where is who?  Savitar.    I feel fine.  So now Savitar's mindpunking you  chuckles Oh, boy.  This never stops never stopping.  How long has this been going on, Wally?   Like a week.  scoffs A week.  Wally, why didn't you say anything before?  Because I didn't know what this was.  I thought that this was just maybe in my head.  You know, I wasn't looking at it like I was keeping it to myself.  That's exactly what you did, though, Wally.  You did keep it to yourself,  and with Savitar, that's not something we can do.  This is Iris' life we're talking about.   Yes, I know that.  Do you, though, Wally?   Yes.  Uh, okay.  clears throat  Until now, you only saw him, right?  Yeah, this was the first time it was physical.  What he wasn't there!  Okay? You weren't fighting him.  He was messing with your head.   It was all in your mind.  I've been there. Done that.  It's miserable.  Okay, why don't I run a brain scan on Wally,  see if he was similarly affected to when Julian was possessed?  Yeah, that's fine. Why don't we do that?  Wally shouldn't be in here anyway.   What?  Barry, he knows he messed up.  That's not what this is about, okay? Look, it's  if Savitar's using Wally the same way he used Julian,  how do we know he's not spying on us through Wally right now?  Wally, we don't know how this works.  How do we know he can't see and hear everything we're doing?  Look, you're out.   I'm out?  I'm sorry, Wally.  Yeah, you don't sound real sorry.  All right, fellows, let's take a quick ten.  We're all still the "Four Amigos" here, right?  What?  You don't have that movie on this Earth?   I'll go talk to him.  Yeah, talk some sense into him.   All right.  So what now?  Well, we know from the future  that Savitar gets out of wherever he is,  but for now, he's still trapped, so sighs   I need to talk to him again.  No, I knew you were thinking this.  All right? And I won't do it.  I'm not gonna be your personal walkietalkie to him.  Guys, we can't. We don't have the Stone.  Actually, we can.  We still have Savitar's spatial frequency  from when we plugged in Linda Blair here,  so I think we could work without the Stone.  Julian, I'm sorry, man. We don't really have a choice.  Oh, we do have a choice. I have a choice.  And I choose to decline.  I'm sorry.   We're starting to fray.  Well, we can't. All right?  Everybody just needs to trust me.  I know what I'm doing.  door opens and closes  sighs Come to talk me into it, then?  No.  Barry's lost his bloody mind if he thinks  I'm gonna volunteer to be abused again.  He's just trying to protect Iris.  We all are.  But not like that.  Is the reason you don't want to do this because  you don't want me to see it?  sighs I just think  hearing his voice coming out of me, I  it just makes it impossible for you to see me as a normal  Hey.  I've had somebody else's voice coming out of my mouth,  and you were still able to see the real me.  How about trusting that I can do the same thing?  Sorry.  I just wanted to do that,  in case you changed your mind later.  Quite all right.  Julian, you're gonna be okay.  You know the drill.  Just let your mind go blank.  We'll take care of the rest. Okay?  Just let Savitar back in the driver's seat once more.   Brilliant.  Thank you.  Let's just get this over with, yeah?  electricity whirring  breathing deeply  gasps  distorted Bow before my greatness.  Be in awe, as you are in the presence of the Almighty.  Enough with the religious nonsense.  You were just a man. Like me.  I'm nothing like you, Barry.  You're cruel, you're selfish.  From my perspective, you're the big bad.  scoffs Stupid.  Still here, pretender?  Still trying to find your place?  I found my place.  It's standing here with these people,  against you.  You know, the sad thing is that you live.  You survived my wrath.  The coward.   Irony.  Where are you?  You said that I trapped you in the future, where?  The only place that you could think of.  The only place that could hold me.  How long have you been imprisoned?  Long enough to lose my mind several times over.  It's only my will that keeps me on this side of sanity.  You know, it's funny, when I think of sanity,  I don't necessarily think of Savitar.  Well, that's because you're small, Cisco.  You've always been small.  Reverb told you that you could have been a god.  But instead, you'd rather work as tech support.  You want to tell me why we're enemies?  Because we had to be.  Only one of us could live.  You thought that Thawne and Zoom  were your biggest foes, but  but it's me.  It's always been me, Barry.  Man, what did we ever do to you?  You took everything from me!  I never asked for any of this, Joe.  I am only this way because of you.  All of you!  When do we meet?  Not long now.  You're there when I become who I am.  You're saying I caused you to get your speed?   I created you?  Oh, no.  I created myself, Barry.  Only I can bring out my greatness.  Your greatness?  Well, you're still trapped,  wherever you are,  and I don't know how you're gonna escape.  I mean, we got rid of the Philosopher's Stone.  Did we?  I am closer to my freedom  than I have ever been.  Every step, every move that you make,  it only brings me nearer to it.  I only need one more thing.  Man, do you love to hear yourself talk.  Iris, trying to show that you're not afraid?  But I know you are.  I'm sorry that you have to die.  But it's you or me.  And despite your feeble efforts to change the future,  you can't,  because I am the future, Flash.  Barry, you've had to suffer worse than anyone.  You've endured pain your whole life.  Your mother,  your father  Trust me,  you'll never get over this.    gasps  Well  Well?  Good chat, was it?  II don't know if I can take another  one of those sÃ©ances. Anyone else with me?  I almost filled my drawers.  Okay, so other than Savitar taking  scaringthebejeezusoutofus to a whole new level,  did we actually learn anything?   Please say yes.  Maybe.  When I mentioned the Stone, he questioned whether or not  we'd really gotten rid of it.  We did. We threw it into the Speed Force.  That's like throwing it into outer space.  Uh, maybe we didn't. I mean, maybe there's more to it.   A second Stone?  Or maybe the Stone  that we had was part of a larger piece.  How about the Acolytes?  Maybe they know something we don't.   Hey, what about that one guy?  Craig?  Yes, the Acolyte that you dropped in on  when you went all cold?  His car's GPS has him located  somewhere near Mount Buccelato.  Buccelato, that's miles away.  What what would he be doing over there?  There's one way to find out.  exciting music  Talk to us. What do you see?  Some serious "Temple of Doom" stuff.  They have a box.  God of Speed, soon your enemies will fall  and you will rise once more on Earth.  It looks just like the last one that held the Stone.   You were right, Barr.   What are you gonna do?  I'm gonna go see what's in it.    What exactly were you guys doing up here?  Worshipping His Greatness.  Let's see how far he gets without this.  chuckles He's ten steps ahead of you.  There's no stopping Savitar.  If I were you  breathing heavily  I'd move up the wedding. chuckles  dramatic music    So far not so good.  Can't get any readings off of it.  It's the same as the last time.  Are we sure this isn't the same box?  Well, it can't be. I mean, I threw the other one into the Speed Force.  Yeah, but you said the explosion sent you to the future.  What if it did something to the box too, you know?  sighs  I hate to say it, Barry, but,  after all my years of research,  I've never heard or come across another box or Stone;  I think this is it.  If that's true, we need to consider the possibility  that Savitar has that Stone.  I'm gonna check for radioactive isotopes  or gravimetric force residue,  'cause if it's the same as the last time  We're in big trouble.  sighs  You can go faster than that, Wally. Run!  And  time!  Yeah. Yeah. That was, uh  good.  We need to go again.  But I don't understand. I was fast enough this morning.  Now all of a sudden, I'm too slow?  You're in your head. You gotta get out of your head, man.  You gotta just run, you gotta push everything else to the side.  Yeah, I'm trying, H.R. I can't do it!   Okay. Okay.  All right?  All right. Why not?  I don't know.  I do.  You're afraid.  Which is I totally understand.  I mean, if I were in your shoes, I'd be terrified.  But  you can't run from a place of fear, all right?  Nobody can do anything effectively  coming from a place of fear. Trust me, I know.  Savitar can get inside my head.  What am I supposed to do  if he does that at the wrong time?  sighs  It sure would be a lot easier if I just  knew exactly how that night went.  chuckles Would it ever.  Are you picking up what I'm putting down?  Uhhuh.  Let's go.  No way. I'm not gonna vibe you there  for you to watch your sister die.  Okay. Cesco, Cesco, Cesco  ththis is to help Wallace  to help him see what happens  so he knows what to do in the moment.  Come on, Cisco, please.  If Savitar's coming back and I'm the only one that can save Iris,  I have to do everything I can to make sure that happens.  And you're sure you want to do that?  Because this is not something you can unsee, Wally.  If this is gonna help me save my sister, yeah.  I have to see it.  Please.  Okay, if you have to see it  come on down, be my guest.  H.R., you know how to work this, right?  I know how to work this, yeah.  Anything goes wrong, you get Caitlin down here stat.  I know what I'm doing. I was here the last time.  I saw what you did. All I got to do is do this.   The other one.  It's the other button.  electricity whirs  Bit of a lighter touch next time, please, H.R.!   Copy. Lighter touch.  This way.  Don't!  This is it.  Okay.  So that's the distance I need to cover.  Don't do this!  Now, finally, I am free of you!  sobbing Barry, I love you.  No, don't say that, all right? You're gonna be all right.  Hey, I'm begging you, I'm begging you!   I'm beg sobs  Barry?  You lose, Barry.  No!  grunts  No!    Iris?  Iris, Iris.  Look.  Come on.  What what'd you see? stammering  Was it good? Did that did that help?   Yeah.  Yeah?  It helped a lot.  Wally    Why does nobody ever listen to me?  You're so full of it.   What?  Railing at me  for not telling everyone about Savitar?  What about what you're not telling everyone, Barry?   What are you  Cisco vibed me  into the future. I saw what happened.  Tell my sister why you asked her to marry you.  Go on, tell her the real reason, Barry.  What is he talking about?   Barry.  sighs    The night that Savitar kills you,  you didn't have a ring on your finger.  We weren't engaged yet.  So you thought that if we were  That it might change the future.  Iris  Iris, wait.  Iris, hey. Come on.  Hey, hey, I love you, okay?  I love you more than anything.  That part has never changed. It never will.  Barry, we moved in together after some rash decision  that you made at Christmas,  and then a couple weeks later, you proposed.  You didn't even ask for my dad's permission.  I know. I don't know I guess I got caught  I got caught up in the moment. I  That is exactly what I am afraid of.   Iris, please  Barry, I just  I need time to think.  Hey.  You okay?  I'm worried.  Yeah, I understand.  I keep coming back to the thought that sighs  I could be the cause of all this.  What do you mean?  Savitar's prophecy.  "One will betray you"  You may well have invited Judas into the group, Caitlin.  It's not you.  It's impossible to tell.  Savitar could be controlling me,  and none of us would know about it.  None of us, not even me.  But this time, we know who it is.  How?  dramatic music  Because  I'm the one who betrayed everyone.    How long have you had this?  Ever since you threw the box into the Speed Force.  It's such a small piece.  I didn't think it would really matter.  Why would you even risk it?  Because  I thought I could use it to get rid of my powers.  And can you?  I don't know. I haven't been able to figure out how to use it yet.  Okay, well, look, gang, I think we can all agree  that this is a simple case of the other side  Killer Frost side of Caitlin clouding her better judgment, so  No, H.R. This wasn't her.  It was me.  I'm really sorry, guys.  Right now, we just need to figure out where Savitar is.  Yes, I think that's a fantastic plan.  How are we gonna do that?  Uh   No.  One more time.   No.  No, no.  You want to summon Savitar again?  I am not a human Ouija board, Barry.   You can't just keep  It's the last time, all right?  And only long enough to see  if maybe we can track his location.   Is that possible?  No. No.  Julian, we gotta end this, for everybody's sake.  sighs   I'll see you downstairs.  Oh  Okay, well, you guys can count me out, all right?  'Cause I didn't bring an endless supply of boxers to this planet.  Julian, please.  I should have told you.  I can't believe that you would keep part of that Stone.  Do you not remember what Savitar had me do with that?  Yes, I do.  But you're not concerned, are you?  You just want your own personal metahuman specialist  to try and find you a cure.  Julian, I don't want these powers.  I can't spend the rest of my life wondering  if or when I'm gonna lose this battle  and become Killer Frost.  I thought you more than anyone would understand that.  You know you know what I understand?  I understand the real reason that you invited me on this team.  That's not the only reason.  Yeah, I wish I could believe that.    banging on door  Dad.  I heard what happened.  Thought you might need a pickmeup.  Worked like a charm when you were a kid.  Smaller problems.  Yeah.  So   you wanna talk about it?  I don't know what I want, Dad.  Iris  whatever you may be feeling right now about Barry,  that man does love you.  That that kind of love is rare.  Dad, I wish it were that simple.  chuckles Simple.  Look, only you know  what's good for you.  But with the kind of lives  that you two have,  that love between the two of you,  that is the one thing  that should stay simple.  soft music    sighs Baby girl.  We'll be here if you need anything.  Okay.   electronic beeps  breathing heavily  distorted Back to worship me once again?  We just wanted to let you know that we're gonna defeat you.  Unlikely.  You told us that you're trapped, imprisoned for all eternity.  You're never getting out of wherever my future self locked you up.  You'll never know freedom again.  All will be revealed soon, Flash.  You will face my wrath.  You will beg for mercy,  and you will get none.  electricity whirs   Did it work?  Did it work?  Yeah. We got a hit.  It's just that that hit is all of Central City.  That's not a hit. The whole city?   Yeah.  God. Well  can we get a little more specific?  Pinpoint a location at least uh, something?  I think maybe we can get a little bit more precise,  but I'm gonna have to give it the old metahuman try.  Okay.  It's Iris. All right. I'll be right back, but  just let me know if you get anything, all right?  All right.  Hey.  You going somewhere?  Yeah, I just wanna get back to S.T.A.R. Labs and train.  Seeing as how you exploded on Barry in front of everyone,  might want to wait on it.  Well, the truth had to come out, so  Yeah, it did.  Just maybe not that way.  I mean, we all have to help each other,  not point fingers.  You're right. I  I'll make it up to them. It's just,  this whole thing is messing with my head.   Don't let it.  You don't get it, Jesse.  When you got your powers,  you were walking down the street.  Me? I touched the Philosopher's Stone,  I got trapped in some cocoon, and  sighs I just feel, because of all of that, I  there's something wrong with me.  I feel like Savitar has some kind of  hold on me.  Look, I know.  Okay? But you're strong, Wally.  You can fight this.  You know, all I ever wanted was to have powers.  To do some good.  But now, now I'm I'm the one responsible  for saving Iris' life.  I don't know if I'm gonna be fast enough to save her, so  Okay, Wally. You're not alone.  Okay.  She's right, Wally.    You're not alone.  dramatic music  Mom.  You're never alone, Wally.   I've missed you so much.  I missed you too.  Wally?  sobbing  I'm so proud of you.  Of what you're trying to become.  That's all I want.  I just want you to be proud of me.  Wally, you're really freaking me out.  I am, son. I'm so very, very proud.  But you have to stop.  What? Why?  You're working so hard.  You don't see how dangerous it is.  Son, you're not fast enough.  You never will be.  But I can't I can't stop. I have to save Iris.   I have to.  Wally.  You're in my head again.  You were always so smart.  distorted Weren't you, Wallace?  But not smart enough.  I have what I need to escape my hell, Wallace.  No, not everything.  We still have a piece of that Stone.  Not for long.  And once I have it,  you and everyone you love  will perish.   Wally?  I have to go.  I can't let him get out.   What are you talking about?  Savitar.   You need to tell Barry, okay?  No. I can do this by myself.  Jesse, please, just wait here.  soft music    doors opens, shuts   Hey.  Hey.  I got your message.  Yeah. Come, sit down.  Iris, uh   I know you're mad, but  No, Barry, that's not it.  I just want you to listen. Okay?  I need you to  let me say what I need to say.  Okay.  I'm not angry at you.  I understand that you  you want to keep me safe,  and us getting engaged could change the future.  I I get all of that.  Barry, when you proposed to me  I said yes because  I love you more than anything.  And I want to be your wife.  But I thought that you were asking me purely out of love,  not fear.  And, Barry, whether you realize it or not,  now there's always gonna be a part of us that's tainted.  Iris, I'm trying to save your life.  I know, and that's the problem.  I want to be your wife, Barry.  I don't want to be  someone that you're trying to save  for the rest of eternity.  Eternity.  dramatic music     Can't see anything.  Give me those.   Are those things even working?  Yep.  stammers Stop it!   I just wanna see if they're working.  What are you doing?   What do you see?  I'm seeing these white   flashes, it's like  Flashes?  Yeah, it's like Savitar speeding through, like, a storm.  No, it's not a storm.  It's the Speed Force.  dramatic music  He's in the Speed Force.  That's why only speedsters were able to see him.  Why is Savitar hiding in the Speed Force?  He's not hiding.  That's where the future you trapped him.  That's right.  And that's why Savitar only appears for a few moments at a time,  because the Speed Force just sucks him back in. That makes sense.  But we threw the Philosopher's Stone into the Speed Force.  And we gave him the very thing he needed to escape.  Except, he said he still needed one thing.  I don't think he can come out  because he doesn't have the whole Stone.  sighs  Guys Wally went after Savitar.   What?  What?  He started hallucinating.  He thought he was talking to his mom.  No, that's that's not her. That's Savitar.   Where'd he go?  I don't know.  Okay. He was freaking out. He said that  he needed to stop Savitar from getting out,  and he sped off.  The Stone.   It's gone?  It's gone.   Barry, we gotta find Wally.  Yeah.  If Savitar gets ahold of the Stone, then  He'll escape for sure.  I can't find him. He turned off the suit's telemetry.    Oh, come on!  Poor Wallace.  Can't even open a portal.  You can't get rid of that Stone, Wallace.  Like you can't get rid of me.  Oh, shut up, shut up.  You know it's true.  You're not fast enough to throw it into the Speed Force  by yourself.  Shut up!  I'm going to get out of here, Wallace.  And then I'm gonna come for you  and Barry and your sister,  and I'll kill everyone you love.  No, you're not real!  You're just in my head, just  Oh, I'm real,  and I know the limits of your speed.  After all, I'm the one who gave it to you.  And that  giving me speed  that was your biggest mistake.  beeping   There's a massive power surge.  Where?  The old Kob Factory.    Pulling up security footage.  Oh, my God.    Wally.  No!gasping  Aah!  No!  No! Help me, Barry!  Aah!  dramatic music    dramatic music  portal zapping and whooshing  growls  I am free!  Ground.  Air  I can feel again.  I can breathe again.  I've beaten you, finally.  Where's Wally?  What just happened to him?  Like the Greek myth of Atlas,  who could not put down the sky until someone took his place,  Wally has taken my place in the Speed Force.  You know me. I love a good myth.  He took your place. What  When you created Flashpoint,  you unwittingly provided me with the means for my return.  Wally  You gave me the idea to turn Wally  into Kid Flash,  to make him fast enough to replace me  in your prison.  His youth and ego were my allies.  So taken with his fame and speed,  he never saw he was running right into my trap.  How do I get him out?   Wally's gone.  How do I get him out?  Suffering in an endless void for all eternity.  Another victim Barry Allen failed to save.  No!    I'm gonna kill you!  If you had the strength to end my life,  you would have done it in the future.  But Barry Allen doesn't kill.  He's the good guy.  The boy Joe raised. The man Iris loves.  You have everything.  And deserve none of it.  I'm going to destroy this city like I did in the future,  so you can see the truth, Barry.  And then, you'll treat me like a god.  You're not a god!  exciting music  winces and coughs  Who are you?  I am the future, Flash.    Show your face.  groans  I want so badly to kill you,  and I will.  But you have to live a little while longer.  Long enough to see Iris die.  roars  winces  The blade didn't hit your organs,  but it did shatter your clavicle.  Hang in there, man, hang in there.   We have to take it out.  Do it!  Any medicine I give you your metabolism will burn through.  All right. Just do it, okay?   Just do it.  Hold him down.  Okay. Gonna be okay, mate. You're gonna be okay.  Bite down on this.  I'm so sorry.  Three, two, one.  screaming   How long was I out?  Not long.  Are you in much pain?  I might be able to do something with this.  dramatic music  Joe.  whispering I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Not your fault.  Where is he?  I mean, is he in pain? Is he  "One will suffer a fate worse than death."  sobbing  Jesse,  I  I'm not like your dad. I don't really  know what the right words are  melancholic music    What are we gonna do?  We have to bring him back. We have to save him  I can't lose Wally, Barry.  I'm sorry.  I'm gonna work on this.  Yeah.  I'll see you soon.  I'm sorry.  I should have never   I was afraid.  I know.  Believe me, I know.  Fear makes us do a lot of things that we shouldn't.  My fear's the reason for all of this.  exciting music
My name is Barry Allen,  and I am the fastest man alive.  To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist,  but secretly, with the help of my friends at S.T.A.R. Labs,  I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.  In an attempt to stop the evil speedster Savitar,  I was accidentally thrust into the future,  and I saw him murder the woman that I love.  But I won't let that happen.  I'm gonna do everything in my power to change the future,  and I'm the only one fast enough to keep her alive.  I am The Flash.  Previously, on "The Flash"  The night that Savitar kills you,  you didn't have a ring on your finger.  We weren't engaged yet.  So you thought that if we were  That it might change the future.  Now there's always gonna be a part of us that's tainted.  Why is Savitar hiding in the Speed Force?  That's where the future you trapped him.   That's right.  I have what I need   to escape my hell, Wallace.  Not everything; we still have a piece of that stone.   It's gone?  If Savitar gets ahold of the stone  He'll escape for sure.  You can't get rid of that stone, Wallace.  You're not fast enough to throw it into the Speed Force  by yourself.    Wally has taken my place in the Speed Force.  grunting  We have to bring him back. We have to save him.  My fear is the reason for all of this.  Savitar was right.  This is all because of me,  because of my weakness.  Flashpoint.  And because of it, everyone's lives have changed.  Everyone I love is suffering.  This has to stop.  I can't let anyone hurt anymore because of me.  No one else should have to pay for my sins.  And they won't.  Ever again.  Cisco.  Get the breach room ready.  Okay, for what?  I'm gonna save Wally.  How exactly are you going to do that?  I'm going back into the Speed Force.   I'm just trying to wrap my mind around  you going into the Speed Force again.  The Savitar said he was there for years.  You said it was like being in space.   I know.  So what are you gonna do?  You gonna run in there and run around till you find him?   It's endless.  I know.  And this is the only way to save Wally.  Yeah, yeah, I just we need a plan.  I I  I don't wanna lose both my sons.  Look, gang, I don't understand the Speed Force,  but there are plenty of people in this room who do.  Am I correct in assuming there's a point coming?  My point is why can't you use your knowledge  to fashion some kind of safety precaution for young BA right here,  so that, while he's in the Speed Force, he doesn't get lost.  Oh, so you're saying I can just whip up  some kind of interdimensional tether  to just anchor him to the Universe?  Yeah.   That's exactly what I can do.  Yeah!  Now we're cooking with helium.  Yes, and I can I can add a biological component  that will measure his vitals when he's in the Speed Force.   That's a great idea.  Thank you, Caitlin.  Because if we can monitor Barry's vitals,  we'll know if they fluctuate, and we can pull him out.  You mean "pull us out."  Yeah, if you're going in there to save Wally, so am I.  Jesse, you're gonna stay here.  Because if your father finds out you're lost in some negative world,  the first person to get a broken schnoz is me.   There's a negative world?  Yeah, negative world.  Really? They have Super Mario on Earth29?  Oh, yeah, challenge me.  Barry, you need my help. Your shoulder is still broken.  It's okay. It's almost healed.  No, look, I can do this.  I know, but I need you to stay here.  Keep the city safe while I'm gone.  And this is something I have to do alone, okay?  Fine.  Thank you.    Okay, let's go to work.  Can I talk to you?  Yeah.  I'm gonna find Wally.  Whatever's holding him,  whatever's keeping him trapped in there,  I'm gonna get him back.   Okay.  Okay.    Iris  did I lose you?    Bar.  What's going on?  Nothing, nothing.  I'm just trying to make her  not worry so much.  About Wally or you?  Joe, now's not the time, all right?  Look, you  are about to risk your life  to save her brother.  I think now is the perfect time.  She's having doubts about us.  About marrying me.  Did she call off the engagement?  Guess I changed the future one too many times.    I think that's gonna do it.  We should be able to use this to keep track of Barry's vitals.  He'll play astronaut, and we'll play Houston.  Right, but how exactly are you gonna track his location  when he's in the Speed Force?  Well, this is just a simple modification  from what we used to get Barry out last time,  so the electrode halo?  Julian wasn't part of the team last time.   Not yet.  Oh, right.  You know that thing we used to talk to Savitar?  Yes.  Meet the electrode halo.  So basically these two are linked electromagnetically   via Goldtooth.  Goldtooth?  Yeah, it's kind of the Cisco Ramon  interdimensional equivalent of Bluetooth.  Kind of proud of it.  Anyway, it gives us all the relevant locus information  no matter what corner of the multiverse Barry's stuck in.  And, if Barry needs our help,  it'll stimulate Cisco's prefrontal cortex.  And I'll open a breach and  pop send him back in.  Good Lord, multiverses, breaches, halos,  easy bloody peasy.  By George, I think he's got it.  Cisco, you about ready?  Born ready.    Okay.  Here's winging it.  Winging it? Wait, what do you mean?  Well, I mean, I don't really have a map of the Speed Force,  so when I vibe Barry into it  You have no idea where I'm gonna land.  But the good news is, if he gets stuck  on the wrong side of the tracks, now we can fish him out.    Find my boy.  I'm gonna do whatever it takes.    Thank you.  I love you, Iris.    I love you too.    Are we ready?  Good to go.    To infinity and beyond.    Okay, once I let go, you're on your own.  Do it.    Good luck.    thunder rumbles  eerie music    thud    Wally?  thunder rumbles    clattering  Wally?    thunder rumbles    Hello?    Hey, Bar.    dramatic music    Why are you here?  Why did you come back to this place?  I'm here to save Wally West.  Ever the hero, huh, Barry?  It's my fault that he's trapped here.  Is it?  Where is Wally West?  He's not exactly here, per se.  He's in the prison you created.  Well, your future self, that is.  How do I get him out?  How do I get him out?  I think you'll find we're not gonna be  as accommodating as we were the last time you visited us.  What the hell does that mean?  It means things have changed.  We gave you your speed back because you said  you'd come to terms with your mother's death,  but you lied to us.   I  You went back in time,  and saved her.  And, in doing so, you created Flashpoint.  Zoom had just killed my father.  We know, and we understand,  which is why we allowed you to do that,  but choices have consequences.  And I'm afraid we can't let you make any more choices like that.  Wally is just a kid.  He's a Flash.  He made his choice.  Now he has to live with it,  just like you do.  I'm not going anywhere until Wally's free.  Then be prepared to spend an eternity in here.    Why would you order a single espresso?  It's gotta be at least a double espresso.  I can go triple. slurps   Doesn't affect me at all.  Frightening.  I can have a quadruple, a sextuple.  Oh, there you are. I'm gonna get us all coffees  'cause we got a lot of work to do, you know?  A lot of a lot of stuff to do.  It doesn't affect me though. It doesn't affect me at all!  Okay.   He scares me.  Yeah. chuckles  I was wondering, do you think you could use this  to track Savitar's location?  That's not a bad idea.  You know, I couldn't before because he was in the Speed Force,  but, now that he's out of it,  feeling footloose and fancyfree, I'm sure chuckles  I'm sorry, you know what? That was insensitive of me.   It's fine.  Okay, so  let's say I find Savitar, right now.  What are you gonna do about it?  I'm gonna go after him.  Jesse, are you out of your mind?  No, okay? I can't just sit here waiting.  You can, and you will.  We all will. And, soon enough,  Barry's gonna get Wally out of the Speed Force.  You don't know that, okay?  We don't know anything.  The only thing we actually know is that Savitar is out there,  and, if we can, we have to find him  and send him right back where he came from.  You're staying here.  sighs      Iris.    I wrote that article.  That used to be my byline, but  not anymore.    Well, 2024 is a long ways away.  Things could still change.    What if it's too late?  What if some things can't be undone?    sighs  You having second thoughts?  I guess I'm just worried that  I made the wrong decision.  And what?  You think that calling things off  sent Barry running into the Speed Force?  Please, we both know  that he was gonna go save Wally no matter what.  Yeah, that's just the kind of hero he is.    Sweetheart, I know I know how you're feeling.  You can't figure out which way's up right now, can you?    Do yourself a favor.  Look deep inside that big, beautiful heart of yours.  You'll find the answer you're looking for.    Eddie Thawne's life was almost so different.  Iris was about to be his wife.  Joe was about to be his fatherinlaw.  But things didn't turn out that way, did they, Barry?  gunshot  thunder rumbles    Instead of that life being his legacy  this is.    So the only reason you came back is to save Wally.  Yes.  There's no other reason?  No.  All right then, Bar.  If you want Wally, all you need to do  is go through those doors.  ding    But you're gonna have to outrun that thing first.  snarling  Time Wraith.  roars  dramatic music    shrieks    tense music    baby crying    Hush, little baby, don't say a word   Mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird   Caitlin.  baby crying    And if that mockingbird don't sing   Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring   That baby    is she  Beautiful.  Just like her mother.  Ronnie.  Hello, Barry.  We need to talk.    Perhaps some sort of new metal akin to a Luttinger liquid?  What do you think?  Man, I don't know what this is.  All I know, it just came off the armor  of some Hindu speed god, so  It's like the box the philosopher's stone came in.  It simultaneously exists and doesn't exist.  Like Schroeder's cat. Remember Schroeder?  Guy with the cat in the box both dead and alive  at the same time, dun, dun, dun, which, by the way,  seems like cruelty for animals half the time.  Okay, I think you're thinking of Schrodinger, maybe?   Schroding no.  Yeah, 'cause Schroeder's  the guys from "Peanuts."   I don't think so.  Yeah, the one with the piano.   Yeah.  The  Charlie Brown has the piano on my Earth.  That's the whole gag 'cause he can't play the piano.   He's terrible.  No.  Oh, my God, who cares about cats or pianos   or the freaking "Peanuts"?  It's not "The Peanuts."  It's just "Peanuts."  You have been studying this thing for hours.  Can we or can we not use it to track Savitar?  Okay, all right, wind it in.  As far as we can tell, the shard is made of nearfrictionless material  that's in a constant state of flux.  So while it's utterly motionless on the outside  It's constantly moving on the inside.  Yes, it's as if it's being affected by some sort of external source,  much like the tides are affected by the phases of the moon.  Okay, okay, then it has to be Savitar.  I mean, this was part of his armor.  Maybe it's trying to reconnect with its other pieces.  That's it.  It's just like "The Iron Giant."  If this is true, then this shard could lead us right to him.  That's an idea.  Okay, all right, so what are we waiting for?   Let's  ping  Hold your roll, Jesse Quick.  This hesitation that you feel, on behalf of the group,  is our realization that this "go for broke" attitude  is the very attitude that got Wallace in his predicament  in the first place. Am I right?  I can't believe I'm uttering the words,  but I actually agree with H.R.   Ditto.  Thanks, boys.  A lone speedster  it's just no match for Savitar.   Yeah, but  Jesse, we're gonna find him.  When?  When the real Flash gets back.  That came out wrong, um  Wow.  Put my foot in it.  Jesse, Jesse!  Oh, Jesse, hey, Jesse, quick question:  Merlot or Cabernet?  What?  What wine do you think would go best  with a big, old men's size 11 shoe stuffed in his mouth?   H.R.?  Yeah?   Just leave me alone.  I get it, I get it.  I get Savitar  Savitar hurt the one you love,  now you wanna hurt Savitar.  Yeah, bet your ass, I do.  No, I get it. I I love it.  I respect it. I'm a little worried though  that, in your zeal for payback, you might be the one  who ends up getting hurt.   On my Earth  Yeah.   I am the real Flash.  I know.  That's why I gagging  I should've said what I said.  No, no, you shouldn't have, okay?  'Cause I've fought plenty of monsters before.  Yeah, absolutely.  Like Savitar, though?  'Cause, look, here's the thing.  If your father were here, he would  He would do everything in his power to stop Savitar.  And that is exactly what I'm gonna do.  laughs  Okay, okay.  I mean, hats off to you.  You really are HardHat Harry's little girl, aren't you?  Yeah, I am, and you're not him.  So just do us both a favor and stop trying to be.    This troubles you.  Another life that could've been and never was.    Caitlin and Ronnie should've had that.  A family, a future.  The future doesn't always turn out as we want it to.    I see what you're doing.  First Eddie, now Ronnie,  showing me all of the people  who sacrificed themselves for the greater good.  No, Barry, their sacrifices were for you,  as was Wally's when he attempted to stop Savitar.  No, Savitar tricked Wally.  And now he's trapped.  Wally doesn't belong in the Speed Force.  You have to let me take his place.  And that's why I'm here.  Or the other reason, Barry.  I wanna sacrifice myself for Wally.   We can't allow that.  Why not?  Because where Wally's gone is a hell all his own.  Savitar said, "One will suffer a fate far worse than death."  And it's not for you.  Leave, Barry, while you still can.    No.    Whatever hell Wally's trapped in, I'm gonna set him free,  and I'm not leaving here until I do.  Very well, but you were warned.  snarling    grunts  roars  Hunter Zolomon.  dramatic music    Come on, come on.    shrieks  ding    roars   Is it Barry?  Did something happen to him?  We don't know. One second, the telemetry was perfectly normal, and  Then his vitals, they just started crashing.  We warned you.  Why are you doing this?  You speak of sacrifice, yet you still let others  bear the burdens that should be on your shoulders.  gasping  Okay, okay, you're right.  You're right.  I never should've asked Wally to save Iris.  It should've been me.   roars  yells  Please, let me save him.  There's only one way to free Wally West  from his eternal torment.  You must free yourself first.  roars  grunting    I love you, Iris.  roars  beeping  No.   Cisco, is he  I don't know, I don't know.  Find out!  I can't.   The tether's gone.  What?  That was him and Wally's lifeline out of the Speed Force.  How are we gonna get them back?  I don't know that we can.    tense music    Hello?    Wally?    Wally, Wally!  I'm gonna get you out, okay?  Just hang on.  zap  Visiting hours are over, Flash.    So  that's not yours.   Get out of my way.  I can't do that.  Not if you're planning on using that to fight Savitar. I can't.  You're not gonna talk me out of this, okay?   I already told you you're not   Not your dad.  That message was received loud and clear.  Now hear mine.  Taking on Savitar all alone  is not gonna bring Wallace back, Jesse.  It's just gonna get you killed, and that,  my friend, that is not happening.  Not on my watch.  You done?  Yeah, said my piece.  And guess what?  I'm still not  smack  moving  thud    That was oddly satisfying.    What's happening to him?  Wally West is caught in an endless temporal loop,  just like Savitar after you imprisoned him here in the future.  No wonder he hates you.    What's he seeing?  He's reliving the single most painful moment of his life  over and over again.  His mother's death.  Wally.  He doesn't deserve this.  Let me guess. You do?  I know what my hell is.  I've already seen it in the future.  You don't like the future, Flash?   Change it.  I can't.  Don't you get it? I can't!  I'm not fast enough. He is.    That's why you have to let me take his place.  Wally can save Iris.  Not learning your lesson, Barry.  You keep telling us one thing and then doing another.    You wanna know what inspired Leonard Snart  to sacrifice himself?  It was you, Barry Allen.  You inspired him to be better.  You inspired him to be selfless,  to sacrifice himself for others,  to be a hero,  just like you.  I'm no hero.  Not lately.  So what?  You've had enough, Scarlet Speedster?  Time to hang up the cowl and give it all up?  Well, if you're out  you're out.  I'm done fighting.  We know, and that's exactly the problem.  zap  grunts    You think seeing Iris' death is hell?  You ain't seen nothing yet.  zap    Let's get you out of here.    Okay, you stupid piece of metal,  take me to your leader.    Gotcha.  dramatic music    Jesse Quick.  I knew you would come for me.    How'd you know I was coming here?  Because I know everything that happens.  I've already lived it.   I'm not afraid of you.  You should be.  dramatic music    electric crackling  grunts  Jesse.  H.R.?  It's a little late to talk me out of this, okay?  I'm not gonna try and talk you out of anything. I learned that lesson.  You have something that belongs to me.    grunting  I need a little help here, H.R.   Bum, bum, thinking.  Think faster.  What do we got? We're fighting Savitar.  Savitar is a speed god. He's omnipotent.  He's invulnerable.  Then why does he need a suit of armor?  Jesse, he's vulnerable somewhere under the suit.  Find a gap, find an opening, and go for it.  grunts  I have such plans for you in the future, Jesse Quick.  And I have plans for you too.  This is for Wally.  Ahh!  Yeah!  roars    Jay.  Yeah?  Is this really you,  or is this  just another Speed Force test?  Yeah, kid, it's really me.  How?  As soon as the team lost contact with you,  Cisco came to my Earth and told me what was happening.  I came here to help.   Let's get Wally.  zap  grunts  'Fraid I can't let you do that.  Getting a little slow in your golden age there, Garrick.   Stop.  Can't do that either.  zap  dramatic music    zap  Enough!  I'm taking Wally.  We can't let you do that, Barry.  Yeah? Try and stop me.    vibrating    Wally?     Hey, Wally.  machines beeping  Hey.  Barry, Jay.  sniffling   I saw my mom.  I know,   I know.  My mom.  I know. Look at me now, okay?  It's over.  You're free now, okay?  We're going home, all right?  It's okay.  We're going home.    Jay, let's go.  Sorry, kid,  this is where I stay for a while.  What? What are you talking about?  We both know that a speedster  needs to take Wally's place.  That's why I'm here.  No, no, Jay, you already lived your hell  when you were Zoom's prisoner.  And you set me free, and I owe you for that.   Jay  I've run a hell of a race,  but every marathon has a finish line.  Time's finally come for me to cross it, but you  you, Barry,  need to put an end to this once and for all  and stop Savitar.    How?  Do what you do best.  Be The Flash.    Cisco said that he could use this to track you  and bring you home.    I'm gonna get this back to you again,  when I break you out of here.    See you soon, Flash.     electric crackling  What's happening?  Do you think you can reel them in?  I don't know.  I've never felt this much harmonic feedback.  It feels like the Speed Force is about to     Wally!  Barry!  Oh, my God.  Are you okay?  We will be.    Hold on a second.  Three speedsters go in, and only two come out.  Jay  Jay stayed back  to save Wally.    Come on, Wally, let's get you checked out.    I thought I lost both my boys.   Thanks for bringing him back.  You're welcome.    Thank you.    I thought I'd lost you too.    I'm right here.    dramatic music  The Speed Force.  And it just appeared to you in the form of Eddie Thawne?   And Ronnie?  And Snart.  All to teach me another lesson.  Which was what?  Saving Iris is my responsibility and mine alone.  It's why the Speed Force didn't let me take Wally's place,  why Jay sacrificed himself to do it.  So I could finish this.  Jay,  hero among heroes.  Yeah.  We can't just leave him in there.  We won't.  I'll beat Savitar. We'll get him out.  Good, 'cause it seems to me the Speed Force  is a little bit of a crazy place.  Just ask Wallace.  Yeah, yeah, what  what Wally saw  it's gonna haunt him for a while.  So until he can get past it, and he's really ready  to go back out there, Kid Flash is  gonna need to take a break for a while.    Hey.  You okay?  Are you?  Right.  You should see the other guy.  Caitlin said I'll be fine.  Jesse, I can't believe you went after Savitar by yourself.  What were you thinking?  The same thing you were when you did it.  Yeah, that was a mistake.  One that I will never make again.  Yeah, yeah, me either.  Not on this Earth, anyway.  Wait, what? You're going back to Earth2 already?   Earth3, actually.  But you just got here, Jesse.  I know, I know, and I want to be with you.  It's just Savitar said he had plans for me in the future.  I can't let that happen.  Besides, until Barry can get Jay out of the Speed Force,  Earth3 needs a Flash to protect it.    I love you, Jesse.    I love you too.    You show those villains on Earth3.  Nobody messes with our Jesse Quick.   That's right. You give them hell.  You know I will.  We're here if you need us, all right?   Safe travels.  Thanks.  Sorry for the, uh  Yeah, yeah, me too.   Good lefthook.  Thanks.  I shouldn't be surprised. Us Wellses  we are forces to be reckoned with.  That we are.  Thank you, H.R.  For what?  Just being a friend.    Thank you.  Yeah.     You ready?  Yeah.    This isn't goodbye.  No, it's more like "see you later."  I can't wait.    So, fun fact  uncovered by our intrepid Jesse Quick,  in her latest dustup with the socalled "God of Speed,"  guess who feels pain.  What what exactly are you saying?  Are you saying that underneath the suit of armor that's he's  Yes, James. He's not a god.  He's just a man, baby.   A man?  Yeah.    Hey.  Hey.  sighs  Thank you for saving Wally.  Of course.  Um,  clears throat  so, I just  Look, you told me that you only wanted to marry someone  because they love you  and not because they were trying to save you,  and I get that.  I just  you know, I've lived with a lot of death,  tragedy in my life,  and seeing you die    it's impossible not to be consumed by that.  Yeah, no, I get that.  I do.  It just  it made me question if you were asking me  for the right reasons, you know?  If it was out of love or  sighs responsibility.    But, look,  while you were gone, I realized something.  I don't have to doubt why you wanna marry me.  It's the same reason that I wanna marry you.  Mmhmm.  I wanna be your wife, Barry.    Um    I love you.    But,  uh    you were right.  I proposed  because I thought it would save you.  I thought Wally would save you.  I  I was wrong.  I alone have to save you in the future, and I'm going to,  but not by changing it.  By embracing it.  Okay, um clears throat  what what does that mean?  It means that  II think we need some space for a while.    I'm sorry, but II don't I don't know how we can  move forward like this, with    Um    okay.    I guess I'll go to my dad's.  No, you stay here. I'll  I'll stay with Cisco.Next time you decide to release my friend's inner ice demon,  you do it sometime in July.  I was trying to save her life, Cisco.  When I became Killer Frost,  Savitar appeared to me and showed me the way.  If the answers that we need to stop Savitar  and save you are in the future,  then that's where I need to go.  You trapped Savitar in the Speed Force.  Just tell me how you did it.   I had help.  Help from who?  A physicist. Her name's Tracy Brand.  thunder booming, electrical zapping  ominous suspenseful music    I know who you are.     soft dramatic music   Whew!     Cecile?  giggles  Most people quit  their New Year's resolutions by now.  Uhuh. Central City Marathon is in two months,  and I gotta shave ooh!  I still got half a minute I gotta take off my time.   You?  A lot more than 30 seconds.  Look, I am going to wait for you  at the end of the marathon.  No, you're not pulling out of this thing.  I am not as easy with running  as some other members of my family.  Mm, I'm gonna let it slide. I'm gonna let it.   Yeah?  Yeah.   Are you getting mad?  both laugh  I would never get mad.  I love you too much to be mad.  Uh, um  that, uh I, uh   I didn't really mean to  No, absolutely   I was looking at you,  cell phone buzzes  and then it just came out, and I didn't want you   to feel uncomfortable or  I'm sorry. Hold on.  Sorry. I gotta take this.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go for it.  Yeah? Okay. I'm on my way.  Yeah.  All right, sorry.  I gotta head out.    Her name is Tracy Brand.  She's one of the world's top theoretical physicists  you know, or at least she will be.  No kidding. Girl Scout earns her merit badges.  2021 Nobel Prize, Copley Medal,  presidential commendation.  She's a genius, but what's that to us?  She's the key to stopping Savitar.  Future me said that four years from now,  Dr. Brand invents the technology  that traps Savitar in the Speed Force.  Four years too late.  Yeah, but if she invents the tech then,  then maybe she's working on the prototype now.  That's exactly right, so we should find her.  Agreed.  Sorry  why are we not looking for Caitlin again?  Easy, Romeo and Juliet.  None of us have forgotten about Caitlin.  Right, but future Flash already confirmed  that she teams up with Savitar.  We should be doing everything in our power   to stop that from happening.  Both: We know.  Right, so what is Wally doing  swanning off to Earth3 to be with his girlfriend?  He could be here right now looking for her.  It's like no one's doing a thing.  No one's doing a thing?  Barry and Wally searched the city half a dozen times.  No one's doing a thing? Every chance I get,  I try to vibe where she is.  We're using facial recognition technology.  We're using the metahuman app, the satellite.  We're doing everything we can.  I just want her back, okay?  Yeah, well, if you wanted her here so badly,  maybe you shouldn't have ripped off that necklace   and turned her into a killer.  Okay, okay.   All right.  Just saying.  computer chimes  We got a hit.  Tracy Brand, currently enrolled in CCU's Theoretical Physics program.  So our hopes of defeating an evil speed god   hinge on a grad student?  Yup.  Could be worse. B.A., Cisco, let's do this.  Let's go.    Ahh, the soulsucking fluorescence of academia.  Yeah, this is exciting, though.  It's like meeting Norbert before he was Einstein.   Albert.  Norbert Albert?  Do you guys smell that?   sniffs  Toast?  gas hissing  Holy  dramatic music  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  What are you doing?  You mean save you from a painful, fiery death?  I had it under control. torch clicks on   Come on!  Aah!  Okay! You know what? Let's put this down  while you still have your eyebrows.  Did you set the fire on purpose?  Yes, I'm burning everything.   W ev  What?   Everything? What  My work.  Well, I don't know why they call it "work,"  because none of it works.  This isn't exactly what I expected.   Me neither.  Um, Dr. Brand?  Oh, no. Just Tracy.  I failed my dissertation.  Nothing like ten years down the drain  and a pile of debt as a legacy.  Tracy, uh, wwwe were just hoping  that you'd have a moment to talk.  Oh, no. My bus leaves in five minutes.  Oh, please tell me I didn't burn my bus ticket.   Uh  Yeah, that's hot.  Your bus? Where where are you going?  Big Belly Burger. I hear they're hiring.  laughs  What? You're seri  Well, what about all your research?  Oh chuckles you mean my  "unsubstantiated and transactional" inquiry  into the "purely suppositional" nature  of extradimensional energy?   Both: Yes?  Yeah?  A waste of time, or, as Dr. Hersh puts it,  "A total misapplication of the university's resources."  I might as well start practicing,  "Do you want fries with that?"   Yes.  No.   B.A.  Stop.  Look, don't let the naysayers get you down.  Your doubts, they're traitors.  Don't believe them. Your mind is too fine to waste  turning tubers into finger chips.  Finger chips?   Finger chips. There's, like, a  He's from out of town. H.R!  Stop. Look, look, look. You can't give up.  Your work on relativistic quantum mechanics  and its application to interspatial theory  to manipulate matter on a subatomic level,  it's groundbreaking.  I haven't shared that hypothesis with anyone,  other than my therapist.   Who are you?  We're therapists.   Yeah.  ice crackling  tense music  glass shatters  Admission here is so easy.  dramatic music    Get her out of here. Go.  grunts  groans  So  you've gone fullon Killer Frost, huh?  New threads and everything.  No more pencil skirts for me.  I don't want to hurt you.  You won't.  But I will hurt her.     grunts  glass shatters    electricity crackling  fire whooshes  Cisco! Hey!   Hey, you good?  Yeah.   That's gonna leave a mark.  Come on, come on.  groans     Caitlin's after Tracy.  Yeah.  That means she's working with Savitar.  soft dramatic music  That's definitely her, Detective.  Icy eyes and all.  sighs Yup, that's her.    So I'm gonna spread this around  so everyone knows to look for her.   Uh, can you give me one second?  Mmhmm.  Uh, so if Caitlin wants Tracy dead,  I guess what you saw in the future was true  and she's teamed up with Savitar.  I just didn't think it was gonna happen this soon.  It certainly makes things more complicated.  Makes what more complicated?  Uh tthere was a meta attack at CCU,  and we just don't have much to go off of.  Really? It's a college campus.   Isn't there video footage?  Uh, no.  It got erased.  Uh, well, I'm sure you two will figure it out.  Joe, can I, um   Yeah.  Yeah.  sighs  So I'm feeling weird about this morning.  Uh  Look, when I told you that I loved you,  II didn't mean to make you feel pressured.  No, no, no, no, II didn't feel pressured.  Okay. So  we're good?   We're great.  Great. Okay.  Um, in that case, uh  good luck with your meta.    Um, so I totally heard that.   Do you want to talk?  No. Hey, where are you going?  Oh, uh, nearest bus stop.  Uh, no, you should stay here,  um, with Detective West for a little bit.  Why? That sketch artist was like freaking Michelangelo.   I mean, you've got your woman.  Not yet.  And until we do, you could be in a lot of danger.  You really think Jack Frost's sister wants to kill me?   I'm no one.  In my experience,  if she's come after you once, she's likely to do it again.  Look, this whole witness overprotection thing  is totally unnecessary.   It was just a random attack.  cell phone chimes  Oh! The bus is coming.  I gotta go.  We need to keep an eye on her.  Yeah, we do.  dramatic music    She got away.  I told you exactly where she'd be.  Barry and Cisco were there when I arrived.  As I told you they would be.  Maybe there's more Caitlin Snow inside you  than you led me to believe.  Are you saying I let her go on purpose?  Did you?  You call yourself Killer Frost,  but you haven't actually killed anyone yet.  You and I can both be gods,  free of the pain and suffering of man.  All you have to do  is kill the girl.  tense music  Okay. groans Look, I might not have any cash.  But I have one of those, um, Jitters cards  that has ten stamps on it,  which means you owe me a free drink.  Okay?  Allow moi to help out a damsel in distress.  I will pay for myself and the lady.  I will have a tripleshot, nowhip mocha Flash,  and anything this young lady desires.  Yeah, I, um I need to calm down, so a Zoom.   A Zoom?  Mmhmm.  Never heard of it.   Oh, it's on the secret menu.  Secret menu?  Triple espresso with a shot of cayenne.   clicks tongue and whistles  Marry me.  Hey, wait. You were at the college this morning.  No oh, this morning? Oh, yeah.  No, I remember you now.  Yes, I was. H.R.  Wait, what is it with you people?  Did the CCPD send you to find me?  No, no, no, no. The reason I'm here is  my team and I  are very interested in your research.   Really?  Yes.  You're interested in my theories on quantum mechanics?  Your ideas of waveparticle duality,  your quantization of energy,  and your timesymmetric formulation  of quantum theory and   How the boundary conditions  lead to principle causality  and the psychological arrow of time.  And the psychological arrow of time.  You really know your stuff.  Well, je suis  smart.  Lay off the French, and lay off the improv too, please.  Just keep her talking.  Ah.  Thank you, Mischa.  Please. The Zoom.   Thank you.  You're welcome.  Let's zoom.  Mate, was it just me,  or did it sound like H.R. was trying to flirt?  Hmm. Didn't notice.  Listen, the, uh, security footage today from CCU,  the stuff that we wiped to protect Caitlin's identity?  II saw it.  As in, II saw the two of you squaring off.  Okay.  Well, from the angle that I saw,  it looked like you had a pretty clear shot.  Okay.  You had a clear shot, Cisco, and you didn't take it.   Why?  Julian, I'm trying to focus  on what we're here to focus on. I suggest you do the same.  dramatic music  Gents, how we doing?  Uh, all good.  I don't know about this one, Bar.  H.R. isn't exactly our best closer.  Ah, he'll be fine.   Are you okay?  Yeah.   Just  Cecile?  sighs  She's just she caught me off guard.  Mmhmm?  Just didn't think we were there yet.  Well, obviously she is.   Are you?  II care for her a lot.  It's just with everything going on  with Iris and Savitar  and now Caitlin, I just feel like I  lie to Cecile all the time.  Then maybe you should stop.  You're gonna have to tell her about Wally  and me and all this at some point, right?  So why not now?  Well, just so you know,  you don't have to keep her in the dark for us.  If you love her, you should be honest with her.  At least that's what you'd tell me to do.     Okay, so  Mmhmm?  here's the thing that I could never get them to understand  at the university. See   I've been studying speedsters.  Oh.  And so you know how,  when they run, they generate a trail   of lightning behind them?  Light lightning.  I don't think all of that is generated by them running.   I think  No?   some of it comes from somewhere.   Mmhmm.  Like, it's some sort of a  like a hmm.  Speed Force?  suspenseful music  Yeah.   Wait. That is a great term for it.  chuckles Well   Speed Force.  stammers Thanks.  Anyway, so I've been doing some calculations.  Mmhmm?  I think there might be a way to manipulate it.  Mmhmm?  Maybe even  control it.  Maybe even turn it into a prison.  Maybe. Um, yeah.  Yeah, yeah. chuckles  I mean just a random thought.  How do you think one would accomplish that?   See, I don't know  Okay.  because the university wouldn't fund my research.  Ahh, mmhmm.  Why are you so interested in this?  Because everybody thinks I'm a crackpot.  gentle music  I certainly don't think you're a crackpot.    ice crackling  I  What's wrong?  dramatic music  We should go.   Wait. What?  I think we should go. Yup.  Guys, guys, we need a little help here!  We got a little trouble here!  ice whooshes  dramatic music   Hey.  Flash?     Where is she?  Right here!     Her again?  Caitlin! Caitlin, stop!   Get her out of here!  What? What?  What did I ever do to you?    So what?  You're Savitar's lackey now?  More fun to reign in hell and all that.    All right, I'm gonna get her to head back this way.  When she does, you gotta knock her out, okay?   Okay?  Yeah.  whoosh  intense music    Now, Cisco!  dramatic music    grunting and groaning    ice dagger scraping on metal  Savitar says I'm not allowed to kill you,  but I can't have you following me around.  It was the left leg last time, right?  Right.  screams  Scar tissue's a lot more sensitive than regular tissue.  grunting  This isn't you!  It is now.  Cait! Cait!  yells    This is where the Flashy Flash goes down?  It's not exactly what I imagined, but it's cool.  So I always wondered how you kept the friction  from building up a lethal dose of static charge.  Yeah, that's vulcanized Teflon.  It neutralizes any electron imbalance.  Okay, and the the White Witch?  I'm guessing you know why she's after me.  Well, she's teamed up with an evil speedster from the future,  and apparently you developed the technology to trap him  for an eternity, so  You can't be serious.  Totally serious.  An evil speedster?  He calls himself Savitar.  Savitar? And he's from the future?   Yup.  And I build a trap for him?   Me?  You.  He wants to kill you before you build it.  That's why he's sending Killer Frost after you.  Killer Frost? Her name is Killer Frost?   Yeah.  We know it's a lot to take in.  Well, to be fair, you're basically telling me  I'm Sarah Connor in "Terminator."   Well  Uh, more like   Miles Dyson.  Yeah,   but good effort, though.  So wait.  You're telling me my ideas about the, um  The Speed Force.  Speed Force, being able to control it,  manipulate it, all of that  I'm right?  It appears so.  device chimes  That's me?  laughs  Nobel Prize?  All of that?  In the future, yeah.  sighs  Look, Tracy.  device chimes  We need your help.  We need you to build this trap now.  What happens if I don't build the trap?  Someone very important to us is going to die.  soft dramatic music    I'm sorry.  Excuse me.    Uh, I know that, uh,  normally one of you fellas  goes out for the chat, but, uh  I got this one.  Tracy!  Oh, Tracy!    light knocking  I'm working.  I can see.  I thought you'd like to be informed  that H.R. has managed to talk Tracy around.  Ah, perfect. That means we can get to work.  Yeah, there's one thing I need to know first.  Outside Jitters earlier,  you could've stopped Caitlin with a vibe.  But just like CCU, you didn't.  I'm not doing this again.  No, no, no, no, no.  You are.  I need to know, Cisco.  Tell me why you couldn't do it.  Get out of my way.  Caitlin could be home now.  Had you stopped her, she would be here.  But you didn't! You couldn't!  Tell me why!  Because I'm afraid!   Afraid of what?  Afraid of killing her!  tense somber music  I'm walking around with two loaded guns here,  ready to go off.  What if she's hurting Barry or Joe or you  and I have to save you and I can't control my powers  and I end up killing her?  She's my best friend.  And I'd rather it be me than her.    Hey.  Hey.  How's Tracy holding up?  Ah, we'll see.  Um  clears throat  Have you told Cecile about us yet?  Cecile is the only thing  normal I have in my life right now,  and I like having something normal.  If I tell her about all this  that goes away.  But if you don't tell her   There may not be an "us."  Mmhmm.  Joe, there's no such thing as normal.  Love is the only thing that makes the fight worth it,  and it's the only thing that's gonna get us through it.    Guys. Guys, there you are.  We got a big problem.  Tracy's gone.  tense music    I checked CCU, her apartment, and Jitters.  Tracy's not in any of them.  I'll bet you Savitar and Killer Frost  are hunting her down as we speak.  H.R., you were with Tracy last.   How did she seem?  Rattled, Miss West.  Rattled, but I gave her a rousing and reassuring pep talk,   so I think she's okay.  Oh, that's why she left.  That's not why look, I will have you know  my book on motivational speeches, "All's Wells that Ends Wells"   Tracy is in danger.  You're right.   Iris! Focus!  What?   We need to find her. Now.  Yeah, we gotta find her.  sighs Where else could she be?  Oh! snaps fingers  Why don't we start with her future hologram, right?  That's that would give us insight   into her psyche, no?  Of course, yeah.   That's pretty good.  Thank you.   Thanks.  You're welcome.  device beeps  sighing  tense music   She's cute.  This is creepy, right?   Yeah.  I find her charming.  Do you think you could screenshot a hologram?  Go back to that last one.  Yeah, there's another one like it.  Whoa, whoa, look at that.   Zoom in.  Yeah.     Eppur si  snaps fingers  Eppur si muove.  Tracy, you blessed paramour of science.  Gang, I know exactly where she is.  pensive music    Eppur si muove.  "And yet it moves."  Galileo's famous statement uttered moments  after being forced to recant his theory that the Earth  revolves around the sun.  "And yet it moves."  Mocha Flash for me.   A Zoom for milady.  Thank you.  You're very welcome.  How did you know I was here?  Um, I might have done a bit of holographic stalking.  I stalked you holographically.  You mean, in the future, I'm still obsessed  with a 500yearold Italian polymath?  laughing Yes, it would appear so.  I'm sorry I ran off.   I just  No.  just needed to clear my head and think   Of course.   and this is where I do it best.  Well, I can see that. That statue is nothing if not inspiring.  Concrete beard, foreboding, smart.   Totally inspiring.  Yup.  You know,  Galileo's peers thought he was a crackpot too.   Is that right?  Yeah.  And I used to find that comforting.   Oh.  But then when your team  showed me the future  and showed me that my crazy ideas  aren't so crazy after all,  I just felt more intimidated than ever.  Well, I can see that.  It's like you're sitting in the shadow of greatness.   Your own greatness, right?  Exactly!  It's like I've failed so many times.  That's all I know how to do.  I don't know how to be that  brilliant woman in the hologram.    But you wouldn't understand.  You are a born genius.  Yeah, about that.  Um, I'm not  technically a genius.  That was a cheap thing to do. I'm sorry I misled you  about me being a genius.  The point is, you  are a genius.  You are. I know it.  I can I can feel it.  It's right there. It's right there,  just brimming just below the surface.   It is?  Yes, absolutely!  Yes, it is, Tracy.  And you can defeat Savitar.  All you need is to just believe in yourself.  And for what it's worth  I already do.    sighs  knock at door  groans softly   Hi.  Hey.  I didn't know you were dropping by.  Yeah, well, if you had read any of my texts, you'd know.  Yeah. Um   I'm sorry.  I know.  It's why I'm here. Look, I  You know, it doesn't take a detective to see  that something's not right.  Look, Cecile  Is it because I said, "I love you," this morning?  Because, Joe, it's it's okay  if you're not ready to say it back.  No, no. It's not about that.  No? Well, then what's going on?  'Cause you've been acting weird all day.  I mean, not just with us this morning  but at work with that meta case.  You gotta give me something, Joe.  All I can say is  that part of my life is very complicated.  And if you were to become part of that,  your life would be very complicated,  and it would change us.  And I mean change us forever.  chuckles softly  That's not a bad thing, you know.  It's called growth.  And then I was thinking about  what you said this morning, and  it told me where you were.  It also showed me where I was, and  and you add those complications,  and I think we should stop seeing each other.  Really?  somber music  That's what you think we should do?  III think it's the best thing for both of us.  Here I was, thinking that being together  was the best thing for both of us.    I guess I'll, uh  I'll see you around the station, Joe.    knock at door    gasping   Cecile!  Joe!   No!  Joe!  Guarantee you I'm faster.  Caitlin  we can talk about this.  I'll talk. You listen.  In an hour, you're gonna get a message with an address.  Bring me Tracy Brand,  or I will kill your little sweetheart.  sobbing Joe.  Wait!  Cecile screams  groans  dramatic music    So you're saying that if we don't turn Tracy  over to Killer Frost  She's gonna kill Cecile.  Correct me if I'm wrong,  but Tracy is our key to finding Savitar, right?  Yes, but what are we gonna do?  We gonna just let Killer Frost  live up to her name and kill somebody?  Not if I have anything to say about it.  All I'm saying is,  we need to do whatever it takes to save her.  No one's gonna die, all right?  We're gonna get her back. I promise.  cell phone chimes  That's them.  They're at the old Dressler Factory.  Okay, we know where they are. That's something.  So what do we do?  I have a plan.  Cisco, can I have a quick word?   Not now, Julian.  Listen, please, mate.  Just just hear me out.  soft dramatic music  I know you're terrified of losing her.  So am I.  I know you're you're worried  about not being able to control your powers,  but I know you can.  I don't think your abilities have ever come from a place  of of negativity or or hate.  They come from somewhere good.  They come from love.  And if you can find it in you to stop her,  then I really think we can save her.    Cheers, mate.    Hi.  Yeah, you know how I said, you know,  we were gonna keep you safe? drumming on leg  Um, yeah.  So, um, now I need to ask you  to do something dangerous.  dramatic music swells    Cecile!   Are you all right?  Joe!  I'm okay. She didn't hurt me.  That's because killing you  does nothing for me.  dramatic music  Killing you, Tracy? That's everything.    Hand her over.  You don't have to do this.   Yes, I do.  Why?  Because Savitar commands it?  He's not a god.  He's just a man that's using you.   Come on, you're one of us.  One of us?   We're family.  We're family?  Both: We protect each other till the end.  chuckling  How are you doing that?  Savitar told me everything you'd say.  You two are more alike than you realize.  You see, that's how Savitar knows every move  you're going to make.  He's always one step ahead of you,  because this is all history to him.  That's how I know Cisco's in the rafters right now.  bomb beeping  Oh, no.  detonator clicks   whoosh  explosion booms     grunts  ice crackling  ice shatters on ground    grunting    It's over, Caitlin.    Caitlin is dead.  Not to me.    Go. Go. Go. Go.   grunts  ice crackling  grunts    shouts  panting   vibration humming  grunts  both panting  Caitlin.  You're alive.  panting  I'm sorry.  I had to stop you to save you.    whoosh  grunts  whoosh  dramatic choral music  My ascension is nearly at hand, Flash.  As I rise, you will fall.    whoosh    How do we keep surviving these things?  Because we're in control of our fates.  And how did she know I was up in the rafters?  Is she psychic now too?  And that thing where you guys were talking at the same time?  How do you think she was doing that?  I don't know. She said Savitar told her  what was gonna happen.  No way, man. This wasn't just brushing up on days to come.  This was precise. Scary precise.   Like Savitar was there.  Mmhmm.  What I don't understand is why Savitar  wouldn't kill Tracy when he showed up.  I mean, why would he choose to rescue Caitlin?  He needs her for something.  We gotta figure out what that is.  Agreed.  Thanks to Cisco, we now have a sample of her blood  when she was fully mutated as Killer Frost.  This?  It could be the key to reverse engineering a cure, so  it's good work, mate.  You too.  chuckling Oh, there you are.  I brought us some coffee treats.  Unfortunately, we were all out of cayenne.   Careful, that's hot.  gasps Ah!  Yeah, hot, hot, sorry.  How are you? Oh! Ha! Whoo!   Careful.  Ah, how are you holding up?   Whew, it's hot.  Well   I'm processing.  Mmhmm.  That was really  I mean, the voice   blubbers  And the "whoom!"   Pshh!  Killer Frost? Savitar?  You know some people with really scary names.  Eh, but is it too much?  All of us here would understand.  Personally, I just I just wanna make sure  that, you know, you don't get hurt.  As a matter of fact, I was thinking   I was thinking too.  Yeah?   About Savitar.  Mmhmm?  The way the light reflects off his suit,  it's unlike any other metallic compound I have ever seen.  Hmm, you and I were thinking about different things.   What do you think it is?  In Fermi liquid theory,  any sort of nonFermi liquid   is called "strange metal."  Mmhmm.  It's a theoretical compound capable of dispersing heat  at high temperatures.  I think Savitar travels so fast  that he needs that suit to neutralize the charge  he builds up around him.  Huh. Interesting.  So without the suit, he's just a dude  with a bad case of static cling.  Yeah. So if we could build a device  capable of harnessing that power,  theoretically, we could use his own velocity against him.  And trap him in the Speed Force.  Tracy, you are indeed a genius.   I'm getting there.  Well, yes, you are.  gasps That means you're gonna stay and help us.  Is that what that means?  If I do, does that mean the future's changing?  I think it means mine certainly has.  light knocking   Hey.  Hey.  Thanks for seeing me. Come on in.  So how are you doing?  Joe, I'm fine. I just  you know, I wish that you would've told me what was going on with you.  Although I obviously have some idea now.  It was my fault that you got caught up in all this.  I'm so sorry, Cecile.  Joe, me too. Look, I  When you told me that you loved me this morning   I froze.  Yeah.  I knew that it meant that we moved up a level  in our relationship.  And for me,  that level comes with a lot of baggage.  Like Killer Frost and The Flash?  Yeah.  So you thought that pushing me away was the thing to do?  I thought that I was protecting you.  Clearly I was wrong,  because not only did I lie to you.  I lied to myself.  And you know what?  I'm done with that.  soft sentimental music    And I'm done with this.  Thank you for not making a big deal  about me wearing this.     Cecile Horton  exhales  I love you.  chuckles  I love you with all my heart.  And I'm sorry that I was dishonest with you.  And from now on,  there will be no secrets   between us.  exhales  both laugh    giggles  sighs, clears throat   Okay.  Mm.  I should have told you a long time ago.  But it's not bad.     Wally!  Hey, Dad.  Hey.  How was it?  It was yeah, it was great. Jesse says hi.   So you talked to Cecile?  I did.  Told her everything.  Told her I love her.  I told her that you were The Flash  and that Wally was Kid Flash.  Don't worry. She promised me   that she wouldn't tell Joanie.  laughter  What changed your mind?  You. All of you.  I mean, love's the only thing we got in this world.  Without it, nothing really matters.  Hmm.  And who knows what we'd become  if we didn't have it?   How was Earth3?  Yeah, um,  hanging out with Jesse was awesome.  echoing I mean, love's the only thing we got in this world.  Without it, nothing really matters.  And who knows what we'd become if we didn't have it?  You did this to me, Barry.   I created you?  I created myself.  You're even gonna create time remnants of yourself,  but he's gonna kill them all.  Savitar told me everything you'd say.  You two are more alike than you realize.  Savitar knows every move you're going to make.  He's always one step ahead of you.  echoing This is all history.  This wasn't just brushing up on days to come.  This was precise.  Like Savitar was there.  Who knows what we'd become if we didn't have it?  One step ahead of you.  All history.  I am the future Flash.   One step ahead of you.  distorted Barry?  normally Barry!  Are you okay?  Yeah.  Uh, I'm sorry.  tense music  I'll be I'll be right back, all right?    whoosh    whoosh    I'm here!  panting  I'm here!  whoosh  ominous music    I know who you are.  It's about time.  Yes, it is.  Everything with you is about time, isn't it?  The past, the present, the future  you know all of it, right?  And you know everything about me!  About Joe!  About Wally.  And Iris!  You know our strengths. You know our fears.  You know how much we love each other.  And you know how to use that love against us.  All this time, we thought that we couldn't stop you  because you were one step ahead, but that's not it!  You don't just know what's gonna happen to us.  You were there.  You lived it.  You remember  when you were me.  tense musical flourish  dramatic music    sinister dramatic music  Like I told you from the beginning    I am the future Flash.  dramatic choral music



                    			1 If the answers that we need  to stop Savitar and save you are in the future,  then that's where I need to go.  You're from before she dies, aren't you?  You trapped Savitar in the Speed Force.  Just tell me how you did it.  I had help. Her name's Tracy Brown.  She made the Speed Force trap for me.  You're telling me my ideas about the Speed Force   I'm right?  In the future.   We need you to build this trap now.  glass shattering  Caitlin's after Tracy.  That means she's working with Savitar.   So you talked to Cecile?  Told her everything.  Told her I love her. I told her that you're The Flash.  Like I told you from the beginning  I am the future Flash.  dark music  It's like looking in a mirror.  Well not quite.  You're not so scary without your armor.  What can I say?  I outgrew red.  I know what you are.  You're a time remnant.  A temporal duplicate  created when you run back in time  and meet yourself.  You brought a remnant to life last year to defeat Zoom.  Your duplicate died, saving the multiverse,  and you continued your happy little life.  And it would've stayed that way,  but then you decided to play God.  You created Flashpoint and changed everything.  I went to the future.  My future self told me that  he created time remnants to stop you.  But you slaughtered them all.  All but one.  Me.  I lived.  But a funny thing happened  when I did.  You. Joe.  Wally, Cisco.  You all shunned me because I wasn't the true Barry Allen.  I was an aberration.  A disposable hero.  Future you failed to mention that, didn't he?  How did you become Savitar?  I was broken  and alone.  I wanted the pain to end.  And that's when I realized the truth, Barry.  God feels no pain.  All I had to do was become one.  And I only need two more things:  for Iris to die  so that you are driven so far into the dark  that I can be born.  And the other?  It may sound ironic given who I'm talking to,  but I'll keep that one to myself.  What happens if I kill myself?  If I die, then you'll never be created.  Cause and effect's a tricky thing.  Didn't work so well for Eddie, did it?  Shot himself in the chest  Thawne's still kicking around.  See, that's the thing about time travel, Barry.  The more you do it, the less the rules apply to you.  But us having this conversation now  we're changing the future.  Are we?  My ascendancy is nearing.  When I have control of all of time,  it will be you who is abandoned and forgotten.  dramatic music    You're gonna die right here!  I forgot to tell you  my suit's cooler than yours.     It's impossible.  I don't understand. How could Savitar be you?  He's not me. Not really.  He's all the worst parts of you.  It's like in "Star Trek" when the transporter  splits Kirk into good Kirk and bad Kirk.  Please tell me you at least have "Star Trek" on your Earth.   "Voyager."  I hate spinoffs.  That explains why Caitlin was willing to follow him.   He has a face that she trusts.  Half of one anyway.  So when the Legends found that message in the Waverider  from old you saying "Don't trust Barry Allen,"  it was talking about Savitar Barry Allen.  chuckles It's all coming together  in the worst way.  You said you made Savitar?   How?  Peep this.  Four years from now,  future Flash creates  a time remnant to fight Savitar.  But Savitar lets that remnant live  so that it can later become Savitar.  So once Savitar is imprisoned in the Speed Force,  this remnant starts to go crazy.  And he goes back in time to the past  and becomes Savitar.  Creating the lie that he was the first speedster,  spreading the myth and recruiting acolytes throughout the ages.  That doesn't make any sense.  Which came first, Savitar or the time remnant?  It's a closed loop. No beginning, no end.  It's just one endless cycle.  Classic chicken and the egg scenario, I think, eh?  A time remnant, it's, um  it's like a duplicate of you, right?  So it has your feelings, your memories.  So why would he want to hurt us?  Why would he want to kill Iris?  H.R., how's Tracy coming with the Speed Force trap?  Good, yeah, good. Slow.  Get her to speed up, all right?  I'll do that now. Can do.  If Savitar is a version of Barry from the future  and he remembers everything that Barry does,  how are we ever going to come up with a plan to stop him?  What was he like?  Broken.  You know  sighs  all this time I thought that Savitar is this  monster.  It's hard to picture what might happen, and  it being you that  I I know it's not you. I'm  Part of him is.  He said it was like looking in a mirror, and he was right.  But not just the way that he looked.  It was  it was his eyes.  The pain that was inside them.  I've seen that in myself.  When I think about  how my parents died so violently  sometimes I want to repay that violence with more violence.  I want to make someone else  hurt as much as I do.  But you don't ever do that.  You're not him. You're a good person.  But it's in there, you know. That's in me.  That power, that pain,  that's where Savitar comes from. From loss.  From losing you.  You're not going to lose me.  Do you hear me?  And we are going to stop Savitar.   You are not alone. He is.  sighs deeply  And he is not a god.  Jay told me that we're not gods.  He was wrong.  We could be.  Any speedster, and it wouldn't take much.  When the love that we feel in our hearts  is drowned in anger  when the bad memories outweigh the good ones.  What am I going to have to become to stop him?  Hey! Oh, bad time?  No, man, what's up?  I just came up with the best idea ever.  Either that or it's the worst idea ever.   But  It's an idea.  It's an idea!  You want to give me a perm?  It's not for your hair, Steel Magnolia.  This is for your brain, okay?  I want to stop you from making new memories.  What are you talking about?  Savitar knows everything we're gonna do  because he remembers doing it.  He's a future Barry. So  what if Barry can't remember what we're doing now?  You want to mess with his brain?  Just a little bit.  It's a minimal procedure.  It'll still be the same Barry you know and love,  except he just won't be able to retain new information.  There's two types of memory, Allen. Shortterm and longterm.   Longterm is where you  Okay, Julian, just stop.  This is my presentation; I'm the expert here.  This is the part of your brain that retains new information  before sending it to the cortex to be stored forever.  So what if we block that chain  with a magnetic disruption?  So Savitar won't be able to remember  whatever strategy we come up with to defeat him.  Which means he can't be two steps ahead of us anymore.  With any luck, we'll actually put him one step behind.  Beautiful.  Cause and effect.  Barry, what do you think?  Let's do it.  Wait, wasn't Caitlin the expert on brains around here?  She was.  But this is something we'll have to do without her.  I trust you.  You won't feel a thing.  Okay, let's get this show on the road.  The disrupter is attached to your hippocampus.  So, it's ready.  Okay, ready for zapping.  Can we not call it "zapping"?  Ready to activate.  In three  two  one.   Sweet dreams, my beautiful boy.  Way to go, slugger.  Run, Barry, run!  I have watched you be in love with Iris  Maybe we were meant to be together.  Okay, that should do it.  All right.  Right. clears throat How do you feel?  I feel fine.   You see? He feels fine.  nervous laughter  Barry  Barry?  Barry.  Who's Barry?  Not fine.  Who are all of you?  What's going on?  Seriously, who are you guys?   Okay, Barry, stay calm.  Who's Barry?   Cisco!  Slight miscalculation.  Slight wouldn't be a word I'd use.  Where the hell am I?  Is this a dentist office?  No, no. This is S.T.A.R. Labs.  St Labs? A laboratory?  St a laboratory? What are you?   Are you guys experimenting on me?  No one is ex  Well, yes, technically, yes.  But but it was consensual.   You were? You  Yes.  Why can't I remember anything?  Why can't I remember my name?  Your name is Barry.  My name's not Barry.  I don't know what my name is, but my name's  "Bartholomew Henry Allen."   That's not a good name.  Look, Barry  Are you sure I don't go by "Bart"? Can  "Bart" feels more natural to me.   Can we go with Bart?  Bart's kinda cool.   Okay.  Wally!  Okay, hey. Let's just get you back in the chair.  No! No, no, no. I'm not   I'm not getting in the chair.  Just get in the chair  No, how do I know you didn't kidnap me here  to do some weird brain surgery on me?  Or maybe you're like those criminals  who trick people into hotel rooms  so they can steal their kidneys.  gasps Do I still have my kidneys?  We don't want your kidneys.  Okay, Barry  look at these photographs.  We're your friends.  Your family.  We just want to help you, okay?  That's a nice ring.  Who's the lucky guy?  You are, Barry.  Look, I know you're scared, okay?  You can trust us.  Cisco.   A minute.  Yes, sir.  I'm gonna be right back, okay?   Wally, stay with him, okay?  Me?  So how do we know each other?  Oh, I'm your brother.  There is no sign of any  permanent structural damage.  Then why can't he remember anything?  Julian?  He appears to be suffering from some sort of   psychogenic retrograde amnesia.   Amnesia.  What if we didn't account for Barry's increase neural velocity,  due to his super speed?  Wait, do we think he knows he's The Flash?  That he has super speed?  Hey, Barry. Catch.  Sorry.  Oh, my Lord.   He's, like, godawful.  He's pathetic.  Can't we flip a switch undo it?  Okay, we are not flipping any more switches   until we figure this thing out.  cell phone vibrates  It's Cecile. Hey, babe.  An emergency?  All right, bye.  Okay, Cecile needs Barry at CCPD,  like, right now. She says it's urgent.  He can't possibly go out in that condition.  Okay, um, my dad and I will take Barry to Cecile.  You and Cisco figure out a way to get Barry's memory back.  And fast.  Yeah?  Okay.  Okay.  You don't want to work?  Well then, I don't need you!  Um, am I to infer then that, uh,  you've hit a little speed bump  in your quest to build a device  to trap Savitar in the Speed Force? The the  Accelerated matter microgenerator projectile.  No, I know. It doesn't exactly roll off the tongue.  No, it doesn't.  How about  we call this fancy device of yours   You know, you probably shouldn't   call it the  Speed Force Cannon.  Speed Force Bazooka.  Speed Force Gun.  together Speed Force Bazooka. Is better, yeah.  But if the Speed Force Bazooka doesn't start working soon,  we're gonna have to start calling it  the Speed Force Epic Fail.   Why? What's the problem?  Okay. The accelerometer.  It sucks a hell of a lot of air watts,   which is measured  Alright. Stop talking science!  You need to take a step back  from the Speed Force Bazooka.   There's not time.  There's always time!  Because sometimes, to move forward,  you have to take a step back.  Step back.  You see? Yes.  Shake a little mumbling  Shake out those shoulders. I feel like  Oh, oh, my gosh.  The tension in your shoulders  Think of something that calms you.   Coffee.  Co  Oh, yes.  But not just any coffee. Piping hot   Indonesian dark roast with  Yep.  together Raspberry and coriander  I've never met another person  who uses copious amounts of caffeine to chill out.  I've never met another person either.  warm music    I III'm relaxed.  Are you relaxed?   Mmhmm.  Mmhmm.  You, uh   And I'll okay.  Yeah.  I mean okay.  Yeah.  Good morning, people.  Hi. I'm Barry Allen.   You can call me Bart.  O kay.  So you said there was an emergency. Where's the fire?  Ah, it's funny you should put it like that.   Lucious Coolidge.  Who?   Heat Monger.  The worst arsonist Central City's seen  since Mick Rory went off the grid.  That is, until Flash here stopped him.  What's Flash?  Uh, ah, so what what is the problem?  Judge Hankerson. He's got an opening in his docket,  so he moved Coolidge's probable cause hearing  up to this afternoon.  Barry was the CSI on the case.  So I need him to testify  in order to hold Coolidge over for trial.  Uh, yeah, no.  Barry can't do that.  Why not?  Uh  What do you mean he has amnesia?  Bar, what's her name?  Um Felicia?  Oh, my God.  Is this is this like a  like a Flash thing?  Was he battling a super villain  who used his evil powers to steal Barry's memory?   laughs  Um  no, we sort of accidentally did this  to him ourselves.  Why?  That doesn't matter. What does matter  is you stalling that judge.  Barry is in no condition to testify in court.  Joe, if Barry can't testify,  Coolidge walks.  And then God help us all.  Okay. We'll figure out something.  Please do.  It was nice meeting you.  Oh. Yeah.  You too Bart.  I got some friends down at the courthouse.  I'm gonna go down there and see if we can delay  this whole Coolidge situation, all right?  I'm sorry.  For what?  I don't know. It just seems like everybody's upset  and it feels like it's my fault.  No. No, not at all.  Look, we just want you to get back to normal.  That's it, okay?  Well, I would, if I could remember what normal is.  I mean, what have you and I been doing lately?  Are we planning the wedding?  Like, are we sending out wedding invitations  or picked a honeymoon destination, or  Am I a warm weather guy or a cold weather guy?  Actually, we've been a little busy lately, so  With what?  Um, nothing that you need to worry about, okay?  Okay. You know what's weird?  I know we just ate, but I'm already feeling hungry.  Yeah, let's get some food in you.   All right.  Okay.  What's that saying?  "Man plans and God laughs?"  Well, men are planning.  And what's the God of Speed doing?  Kneeling.  Brooding time is over.  You revealed yourself.  Now what?  Any idea what to do with Flash and Friends?  Because we are getting pretty close  to your big becoming,  and if we don't take them down,  neither one of us gets what we want.  tapping  Hello? Anybody home?  choking  What are you doing?  Who are you?  What's wrong with you?  Who am I?   Science club.  laughing Yeah.   Key Club  Mmhmm.   Astronomy Club  Yup.   Yearbook?  Yeah.   And anime club?  Oh, yeah.  You loved loved "Dragon Ball Z."  I don't know what that is.  Yeah, I couldn't explain that show to you   even if I wanted to, so  Okay.   Sorry.  I definitely had  quite the nerd thing going on, huh?  Yeah, a little bit.  I thought you said we were best friends in high school.  Yeah, we were.  Then why didn't you give me some advice, help me out?  Oh, believe me, okay? I tried.   Really? You did?  Yes.  Okay, because I have evidence  that you did not.  Um, I don't remember any of this,  but even I can see how wrong that look was.  laughing  This is visual terrorism.  I won't look at it anymore.  What?  Uh, you just  You're so different. You're so light.  laughs What do you mean?  I don't know, it's like you're not carrying  the weight of the world on your shoulders.  So, what, I was like  brooding all the time before?   Sometimes.  Yeah?   Yeah.  Really?  laughter  I don't know, it's just  it's really nice to see you smiling so much.  I mean  how could I not,  knowing I'm gonna be with you for the rest of my life?  phone buzzes   Uhoh.  What?  I got to get to the courthouse.  Oh, yeah, of course.   Yeah, I got to  Hey, yeah.  Um  I'll yeah, later. Okay.  Okay.  calm, reflective music    Docket number CC15204.  Evidentiary hearing for Central City versus the defendant,  Lucious Coolidge.   I see the city wishes to file  Cutting it real close, guys..    felony charges  You ready to testify?  No. No, I'm not.  Yes, he is. He just needs one minute, please.  The prosecution may proceed.  Too late. He's up.  Here. Just take these.  I wear glasses?  You will now. Just put 'em on.   You'll be okay.  Just don't get them wet.   clears throat Your Honor, I, uh  What? Wh  I call Barry Allen to the stand.  quirky music  Raise your right hand, please.  You swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,  and nothing but the truth?  I do, yes.  Thank you. Miss Horton?   Mr. Allen  Can I sit?  Please, just  You are a crime scene investigator  for the Central City police department, correct?  exhales sharply Uh  oh, this is so cool.  Well, I'm so glad you enjoy testifying,  but please just answer the question.  Of course. clears throat  Uh, yes, I am a CSI  at the CCPD under the expert direction of Julian Albert.  Smiley face.  Want to cut it out with the emojis?  Mr. Allen,  can you tell me  in your expert opinion,  what substance do you see in this photograph?  Uh, shellac flakes.  Shellac is a resin secreted by female lac bugs  found in large quantities of the trees in Thailand  that's too fast, that's too  Mr. Allen, are you all right?  Yes, I'm sorry. I'm fine.  I just, um  it's getting hot in here.  What else is unique about shellac flakes?  It's the fire accelerant used in all of the arson cases  associated with Heat Monger.  scoffs Such an embarrassing name.  I like it. I think it's great.  And how would you know when shellac flakes have been used?  We calculate flame temperature and burn patterns,  and a telltale sign is when shellac is burned  into potassium perkerlorate  or ammonium perchlorate,  which is considered a hightemperature accelerant fire.  Hmm. So, then  would you say the fires in these photos  would be considered hightemperature  accelerant fires?  exhales Uh, yes,   because  zap  Ow!  Uhoh.   Um  Mr. Allen?  Can you continue?  Yes, I can I can continue.  The uh, yes, the fires were  hightemperature accelerant fires,  because the flames  were, were  very yellow.  Very yellow?  And that's your expert opinion on accelerant fires?  Mr. Allen?  soft whimper  Ms. Horton, if Mr. Allen is unable to elaborate,  I'll have no choice but to dismiss.  Mr. Allen?  That's um  sighs  Dismissed.  How'd it go?  Marvelous. They let the pyro go.   What went wrong?  Everything.  Barry's memory loss is starting to become a problem.  It sure is.  For more than just him.  I don't have my speed.  Not anymore. And I know why.  If you want to fix this and help Barry,  you are gonna do exactly as I say.  Now this Heat Monger's gonna go free because of me,  and I feel awful.  Barry, it's not your fault.  It's just that now there's a bad guy on the streets,  and I can't do anything about it.  sighs  What? Is that not something I would've said before?  That is exactly something you would've said before.  There's just something about you that always wants to help.  This is our place?  How do we afford to live here?  Wow.  You have great taste.  Uh, actually, this is all you.  I find that hard to believe.  chuckles  Is that me?  Yeah.  Who are these people?  They're your parents.  You don't remember anything  about what happened?  Why, did something bad happen?  They died.  It was unexpected, but they died peacefully.  That's why you came to live with Joe and me.  And that's when we met?  Uh, no, actually, we were friends before then.  I remember the first time that I saw you.  You were the happiest boy that I'd ever met.  I have a feeling that's because you entered my life.  tender music    It's okay.    whirring  What the  Barry! Are you okay?  What just happened to me?!  These powers are so cool.  I can literally feel electricity  coursing through my body.  I mean, is it always like this? This is amazing.  We just walked into a buzzkill.  My presence usually dampens the mood.   Joe, don't.  You fire, I'll fire.  What the hell is she doing here?   She wants to help.  Help?   With what?  With the fact that I lost my powers.  Barry, why don't you give us a minute?  Sure, yeah. Are you like a super villain?  Just asking. Okay.  How did this happen?  You got rid of Barry's memories.  What Barry remembers, Savitar remembers.  So Savitar's lost his memories too?  Savitar loses his memory, he doesn't go along  with the plan to give Wally powers.  Cause and effect.  But if you let me help you figure out  how to get Barry's memories back,  everything goes back to the way it was.   Kid Flash runs again.  And Savitar survives.  And Iris dies.  Life's full of difficult choices.  Or it isn't.  If Savitar gets his memory back, what's in it for you?  That's my business.  You think that Barry can become The Flash?  Yeah. He can learn.  I still know how to do everything. I can teach him.  Okay.  Maybe this is how you defeat Savitar.  But there's still a lot of villains in this city,  and no Flashes to protect it.  Is that really a chance you're willing to take?   Hi.  Ah!   I'm still here.  Yeah, you are.  Because when you left, I stayed.  We gotta talk about the elephant in the room.  But you know what, I I have a job to do.  We have to build that device.  We've got to focus on the task at hand.  Do you understand what I'm saying?   I totally understand.  From here on out,  whenever I look into your azure eyes,  flecked with gray, like a summer rainstorm  coming to kiss my lips,  the only thing I'm gonna be thinking about  is how I can best inspire that  beautiful, sexy brain.  tender music    Sparks.  whispering Sparks.  You felt them too.   No.  No?   No, I mean yes, obviously.  Oh, okay.  Sparks. Jumping between two parallel wires  a modified highvoltage climbing arc.  I guess my work here is done.  You should never have tried this without Caitlin.  Well, we didn't really have much of choice, now, did we?  Also, don't refer to yourself in the third person.  It's Caitlin. It's you. It's the same person.  It's just confusing.  Hand me the girard processor.  It'll help me prime his neocortical and medial frontal lobes.  What?  Nothing.  Oh, golly. Look at us.  Just three musketeers working away.  Just like old times, huh?  Hey, Julian, did Caitlin ever tell you about our time  working on the Particle Accelerator with Ronnie?  No. No, she did not.  There was this one time  we had this very strict deadline,  and Dr. Wells was super hard on us.   All of us, even Hartley.  Who's who's Hartley?  Oh, he was this guy we used to work with. Such a dick.  You actually reminded me a lot of him when you first came onboard.  Anyway, so we were working  on the iridium plating for the, um snaps fingers  What was it called again?  The synchrotron, that's what it was.  So anyway, we were struggling,  and we were burning the midnight oil,  and we could not get the dubnium capacitor  to hold a single charge.  And so all of a sudden  Ronnie just loses all his chill.  He turns beet red,  and he starts yelling at the thing like,  "Come on, you dumbnium capacitor!"  "Take charge."  Yes!  laughs Yes.  Oh, my God.  I think about all the memories I cherish most, and  and you're in every single one of them, Caitlin.  Let's figure this out.  I don't want to be here any longer than I have to.  Suit yourself.  Okay!  Guys, I still can't believe I have these powers.  They're amazing.  I mean  I think that I could be a superhero.  laughing  All right, well is it cool if I run some more?   Have at it.  All right.  I haven't seen him this happy in a long time.  Try ever.  It's the first time he hasn't been weighed down  by the tragedies of his past, you know?  First time he's actually been free of them.  You don't want his memory restored, do you?  Dad, I  I can't say that seeing him happy and light  isn't something I have wished for him,  because yeah, it is.  Sweetheart,  I wish that for him, too. But you didn't fall in love with The Flash.  You fell in love with Barry Allen.  Dad, I know this is a different version of him,  but he's  he's still Barry.  No, he's not, honey.  Look, until yesterday,  Barry had 28 years of experiences to define him,  and some of those memories were bad, but some were good, too.  But without those memories,  the Barry Allen we know and love  is gone.  Whoohoo!  I don't know, Dad.  You know, part of me can't help but  think that this is some sort of gift, you know  that this is the life that he was supposed to have.  Maybe the city doesn't need The Flash.  tense music    Hey, everybody!  Happy Friday!  all screaming  So I am a superhero?  Yeah.   A real good one.  Huh.  You're The Flash.  You sure The Streak isn't a better name, maybe?  laughter  Turn on the TV.  Uh, okay. Yeah.  Eyewitnesses say the man who set the fire to the offices  is none other than Lucious Coolidge, AKA Heat Monger.  That's the guy that went free because of me.  At this rate, it won't be long before the whole thing burns down.  There's hundreds of people who work in there.  We need to stop it.  How? I mean, you can't right now.  No, but I can.  Barry, you don't know how to use your powers.   Bar  You just said I'm a superhero.  And a good one, right?  I mean, memories or not I can't stand by,  and watch people die if I can prevent it.  Um, forgot the suit.  dramatic music    grunts  Barry? You okay?  Uh, yeah, I'm good.  Stopping's hard.  How do I save everybody inside?  You just run them out of there.  I barely got here myself.  How am I supposed to run with someone else?  There's gotta be something we can do.  There is something we can do:  jumpstart his brain using that thing.  We have not done a test run.   There's no time to test it now.  What is that thing?  This can send electrical charges through the transmitters in his suit  and theoretically, should jolt his memory.  You want to electroshock his brain?  Won't that fry it even more?  If we don't do that, all those people are gonna die.  Life's a game of chance.  Okay, Barry, you're gonna feel something.  Might hurt, might sting, might suck.   Wait, what?  Probably all three.  Okay, here we go.  screaming  moans  Barry?  grunts  Barry?  Uh, yeah, I still don't remember.  Why didn't that work? That was supposed to work.  We kickstarted his temporal lobe.  Now he just needs to access it.  Gas is in the tank, we just need to turn the ignition.  We need a visceral memory to spark his brain.  woman screaming  Okay  okay.  Barry?  I need you to remember.   I can't!  Yes, yes, you can. Okay?  Okay, listen to me.  The night that your mom died,  I didn't want to tell you how,  but she didn't die peacefully.   She was murdered.  What?  And you came to live with us.  My dad brought you inside, and  you were in shock you weren't even crying.  And later that night, a sound woke me,  and I crawled out of my bed,  and I realized that the sound was coming from downstairs.  I peered over the banister, and  I found you crying alone.  I knew I had to go to you.  I sat next to you, and  you put your head in my lap,  and I held you while you cried.  And I didn't know it then, but now looking back,  I realize that that was the night that we fell in love.  That was the night that we realized  how much we needed each other.  And look  I so wish  that I could take your dark memories away.  I wish  that I could make all of that pain go away,  but I can't.  Okay? But what I do know, what I know,  is that for every bad memory,  there is a good one  that will get you through it.  soft dramatic music    Run, Barry, run!    Barry?  I remember  I remember.  I remember everything.  I remember everything!  Now for this fire.  exciting music  I don't think I can put this fire out alone.  You don't have to.    Yes!  laughs  panting  Looks like you remembered how to save the day.  Like riding a bike.   Your mother's maiden name.  Thompson.  CODIS is an acronym for what?  Combined DNA Index System.  Okay.  In the third grade, you renamed the class hamster to  chuckles  Alexander Ham Bell.  laughter  I was eight years old.  So you got your memories back.  Now we can all focus our attention on  stopping Savitar.  scoffs  Good luck with that.  Please tell me we're not gonna just let her walk out of here.   Now you want to fight?  We don't want to fight you.  Can't really avoid that now, can we?  Yeah, we can. You can stay here with us.  We're your friends. Your family.  Caitlin, I can fix you.  You already tried.  Well then, I'll try harder.  I don't care what it takes.  I don't care what I have to do.  I swear to you, I will find you a cure.  Caitlin, I love you.  I don't love you, Julian.  I never did.  I never loved any of you.  somber music    She's gone?  Yeah.  Maybe too far gone now.  We'll figure out a way to get her back.  Just like we figured out how to get you back.  You sure this is the me you want?  With all the baggage?  Seeing you without the weight of everything that's happened,  seeing you happy, like you were before your mother was killed?  Without all of that darkness haunting you,  you were finally free.  It was nice.  I did the same thing months ago.  What do you mean?  That freedom? I had that.  When I was with my mom and dad again in Flashpoint,  and I could've let it stay like that.  I could've let the memories of this timeline fade, but  if I'd done that, I would've lost Joe,  and Cisco, and Wally, and Caitlin, and you.  Pain and darkness it's a part of me.  You know, I need it to fuel me,  to push me to be a better person,  to be a better hero.  To keep me from ever forgetting who I am.  Now that  is the Barry Allen I know and love.  warm music    Hey, you guys okay!  You guys, you got to come see this.  Yyou got to come see this.  What is that?  This is the Speed Force Bazooka.   Good, right?  And that's gonna trap Savitar?  There is a tiny little problem.   What's that?  It's, uh  In order to generate enough power  to magnetize Savitar's radial field  and keep him in a state of perpetual stasis   Stasis.   inside the Speed Force,   we need by my calculations  By calculations  3.86 terajoules of energy.  I'm guessing that's more energy than in a AAA battery.  Yes. That's more energy than in the sun.  Guys, where are we gonna find something like that?  dramatic music    roars1 Four years from now,  Dr. Brand invents the technology  that traps Savitar in the Speed Force.  This is the Speed Force bazooka.  And that's gonna trap Savitar?  I know what you are.  You're a time remnant.  You all shunned me  because I wasn't the true Barry Allen.  I was an aberration.  How did you become Savitar?  I was broken and alone.  God feels no pain.  All I had to do was become one.  Aurora's "Murder Song"  melancholy acoustic music    Five, four, three two, one   Five, four, three, two, one   He holds   The gun   Against my head     I close   My eyes   And bang   I am dead   I know he knows   That he's killing me for mercy     And here I go    Go   Oh, oh, ohoh,  Oh, oh, ohoh   Oh, oh, ohoh   exhales  Iris.  You know what I'd love right now?  Anything you want.  Caviar.  sad music   Caviar?  Mmhmm.  Okay. Well, it's just a little late,  so it might be hard for me to find a place  that's open that has it.  inhales deeply  But I'll find an assortment.  Thank you.  Just stay with me, okay?  The whole team's working on this.  And we can accomplish a lot in 24 hours.  I know we can.  I'm fine, Barry. Really.  exhales  Get some caviar  sighs  blazes away    steady, measured music    breathes deeply  phone chimes  Hi, Barry.  Um  there's something that I need to say to you.     phone vibrates  Hey, Cisco.  What?  Where?  All right, I'll come pick you up.   What is it?  Ah  Really good news.  Lyla.  Hey.  Gentlemen.   Ah  It's a wee bit chilly.   both chuckle  Wanna take this inside?  Every square inch of that building is bugged.  Figured it was better to talk out here.  Okay. Yeah, I love the breeze   Yeah. Yeah.   on days like this.  So, I got your message.  But, you're gonna have to run me through   exactly what you need again.  Yeah   So, we're building a cannon  Right.   bazooka thing. It's a sort of trap.  In order to turn it on, we need something to power it.  Something extremely powerful and regenerative.   Okay.  Yeah, so,  I tasked our satellite to look for  anything that might have our specific power requirements,  and wouldn't you know it  we found something that has exactly what we need.  laughs And it's right there in that building.  Crazy, huh?  I really don't think you should be spying on me, Cisco.  Is it spying if we're friends?  But he's right, isn't he? You have something, don't you?  It's a piece of the Dominators' technology.  We got it from the ship that crashed in Central City.   That's great.  You can't have it, Barry.   What?  Lyla  we've searched everywhere.  This tech is the only thing that we can use.  I can't do it.  Is this because of baby Sara?  Look I'll admit, it's been hard not to wonder  what it would have been like to have a daughter instead of a son,  but this is less about what happened  than why it happened.  I made a big mistake.  Exactly my concern.  Barry, this is the kind of tech that wars are fought over.  If something happens and it gets into the wrong hands,  people could die. Millions.  And frankly, I don't know if I can trust you to have it.  Director Michaels.  I gotta go.  Lyla, if we don't use this,  Iris is going to die.  Tonight.  I'm sorry, Barry.  I can't help you this time.  You'll have to find another way.  melancholy music     Are you serious?  Yeah.  Yeah, if Lyla won't let us have the Dominators' tech,  then we are gonna break into ARGUS, and we're gonna steal it.  Wally and I will phase through the walls.  We'll be in and out of there before anyone even gets off a shot.  Uh, hello? No, you won't.   Yeah, we  What is that?  That is a metahuman power dampener.  And it's all over the building, so you can't use your powers inside.  Can we use anything else  to power this Speed Force gun?   Speed Force bazooka.  Bazooka.  Nothing else.  Manipulating extradimensional energy requires,  well, a ridiculous of energy,  and the Dominator tech's the only thing that can do that.  Hey, I have I have an idea, gang.  What if we just put you   put Iris on a plane to Paris  No.   or somewhere far away?  There's nowhere on Earth that Savitar wouldn't find her.  Guys. Stealing this Dominators' tech is our only option, all right?  Barry. ARGUS is more secure than the pentagon.  If your powers don't work in there,  how are you gonna get past security?  Okay. inhales deeply  This is what we're dealing with:   surveillance cameras.  I'm out.   Eye scans.  Nope!   Palm prints. Heat sensors.  Whoa!   What?  Laser sensors.  They really thought of everything, didn't they?  That's just the first floor.  So, you're saying this is the most fortified structure  in the history of fortified structures,  they can't use their superpowers,  and we have less than 14 hours to steal the thing.  And none of us are master thieves.  No.  No, we're not.    intense music    gun charges  Hello, Flash.    I need your help.  Barry Allen. The hero of Central City.  This is Siberia in the year 1892.  We're a little out of your jurisdiction.  Yeah, hear me out.  I wanna recruit you for a mission.  I'm already helping a bunch of idiot dogooders.  Sorry. I'm up to my fuzzy hood in teamwork.  Would it help if I said please?  No. And you already have a bunch  of superhero types in your life.  Why ask me?  Well, you have a  particular set of skills.  Great movie. Last time we tried to be buddybuddy,  it didn't work out so well  for you.  Why trust me now?  Spit it out, or I'm gonna step onto that ship  and pretend like this conversation never happened.  Iris.   Oy. The girlfriend.  FiancÃ©e.  Mazel tov.  What about her?  If you don't help me, she's gonna die.  True love.  That's your pitch.  It's all I've got.  And I assume saving your girlfriend  requires us doing something  less than lawful?  We need to break into ARGUS and steal an alien power source.  The Flash, a thief?  That's my kind of mission. One condition:  my rules.  Your rules.  I know we don't have a plane.  We steal a plane, okay? We'll put it back. All right?  And we parachute out of the plane, and land on the roof  gotta land on the right roof, all right?  And then imitates air whooshing right down the air ducts.  Mission: Improbable style.   Easy.  Easy?   Yes.  What about  the counterterrorism missiles?   What?  Yeah.  Hello, Joe! Cisco.  Iris!  Love the ice. Sparkly.  Captain Cold.  Snart, what the hell are you doing here?  Snart's gonna help me break into ARGUS  get the power source.  H.R. splutters   Huh?  Awkward.  I can see you all have a lot to talk about.  I'll be down in your lab, getting everything ready.  Barry, are you out of your mind?  I thought he was with the Legends.   He is.  No, he dead.   Well Yeah.  You timetraveled again?  That's what got us in this mess in the first place.  I thought you said you would never do that again.  I also said I would do whatever it takes to save you.  That hasn't changed.  And I'm pretty sure you all feel the same way, too. Right?  sighs Look, I'm not changing time.  I will put him back,  right where I found him. After we get what we need.  Fine. You say we need Snart's help, we need his help.  So what's the plan?  sighs  power drill whirrs  What are you doing?  sighs  Flash  damaged my suit in our fight.  Pretty badass.   Very godlike.  scoffs  Well, dress for the job you want.  We're a team, right?  Barry and Caitlin, at it again.  ominous music  You're not Caitlin.  And I'm not Barry.    You sure you're gonna go through with this?   What?  Killing Iris.  You're gonna take her to Infantino Street,  and ram a metal spear through her back?  Well, it's either her or me.  If she doesn't die,  I'm never born.  Right, but  behind that pretty little face of yours,  you still remember everything that Barry does.  So you remember growing up with Iris,  falling in love with her, kissing her.  You sure you're ready to end her life?    exhales  What I remember  is being created as a disposable life.  Something to be thrown away  when Barry Allen was done with me.  He didn't care about me.  Why should I care about his love?  You're not having second thoughts, are you?  Good.  Because you know what you need to do,  and when the time comes, I expect you to be ready.    loud ringing  What is it?  exhales  laughs  Barry went back in time to get Snart's help  with stealing the power source from ARGUS.  Power source? For what?  Oh  it doesn't matter.   Well, should I stop them?  No.  Let them take it.  No speed gun can stop a god.  My guess is the power source is most likely here.  Why there?  Because it's the deepest part of the facility,  and if it's as valuable as you say it is,  then the deepest recesses of any facility  are usually the most secure.  Hm. Smart, Snart.   chuckles "Smart, Snart."  Mmhmm.  I'm gonna keep hackin' away and find out for sure.  exhales  Do you have any idea what else might be down there?  Don't matter. There are only four rules you need to remember.  Make the plan, execute the plan,  expect the plan to go off the rails  throw away the plan.  Follow my lead and you'll be fine.  I'm trusting you.  We all are.  Just don't sit me at the single's table  at the wedding reception.  Just out of curiosity,  you have a plan for getting in there?  I've got that covered.  Oh, ah here, hold that for a second. Yeah, okay,   and kay and don't look.  What?  Hey, Flash.  Superhero.  Cowl on, please? We got civilians in the house.  It's okay. H.R., we're trusting Tracy with our lives.  We can trust her with this.   Good point.  Yeah.   Okay, I'll put my hands down now.  Okay.   Oh! laughs  Yeah.   Totally should've figured that out.  Yeah.   I  What   Well, carry on.  All right.  Okay  All right, Joe. I need you to take Iris  some place far away from here.  Far away from me.   Barry.  I can't know where.  If I know, then Savitar knows.  I'll get Wally.  We'll keep her safe, don't worry.  sighs  So here we are.  This is not goodbye.  Yeah.  sad music  Look  I know you're gonna do whatever it takes to save me,  but don't lose yourself in the process, okay?    sighs  train rushes past  soft music      breach whirrs open  all breathe heavily  Hello.  Harry.  Kid, Joe.  Iris.  What brings you folk to this section of the multiverse?  dramatic music  watch beeps  What's that?  It's how much time we have left.  Before what?  exhales  Before we lose.    We're prepping the chopper for San Francisco now.  Copy that, sir    Director Michaels. I thought you were en route to San Francisco.  Plans changed.  I received an unexpected gift from the Flash.  Captain Cold?  Always nice to meet a fan.  I'm taking the prisoner to lockup.  Of course. We'll just need your ID.  tense music  computer beeps    Spent so much time on that ARGUS fake ID.  That thing's a masterpiece.  computer chimes  Your eye scan?  scanner whirrs      computer beeps      You boys really dot the "I"s and cross the "T"s.  And finally, Director Michaels:  Elvis, banana.  suspenseful music   What the hell?  Search me.  Elvis, banana gasps  it's word association.  Barry must have to come up with the next correct words in the sequence.  Like "peanut butter, bacon."   Yeah, Kevin Bacon.  Mellow, yellow.   James Brown, split.  Okay.  Barry, you're gonna have to stall.  I repeat, ma'am. Elvis, banana.  dramatic music   thwack  grunting   thud  grunts in pain    transmogrifier buzzes and whirrs  My, my, my.  Getting rather violent in your young age.  Yeah, what were you doing?  handcuffs click  Magic.  Neat trick.  Was a neat trick, yourself.  Transmogrifier from H.R.'s Earth.  Here you go.  Cisco, where to next?  Okay, you will take the  East elevator?  They should do the west elevator.   I agree with Tracy.  Barry, take the west elevator.  train rushes by  sighs  I used to watch you do that as a kid.  inhales deeply  I thought you were so cool.  What'd I tell you?  Guns aren't cool,   they're just for protection.  Right.  Dad, look, I know this is hard for everyone,  but I feel like it's hardest for you.  Dad, can I tell you something?  Yep.  When I was 16,  um  Barry and I switched rooms,  so that I could sneak out of the window past curfew.  laughing   It's true.  laughing Wait a minute.  You laughs, clears throat  you told me that it was because  Barry didn't like the noise from the street.  Yeah, no.  But in my defense, my curfew was 8:00 p.m.   Yeah, I was a little strict.  A little?  Okay, since  since we're confessing, remember  when I told you guys  that we couldn't eat out for a month,  because I was saving money  for yours and Barry's college tuition?  Yeah.  I took some of that money,  and I went on a blues cruise.  Junior Walker was playing. It was just for three days.   Dad.  Hm.  laughs  Oh, that reminds me. What, um snaps fingers  what was that song you used to sing all the time?  You don't remember?  I don't remember.   "What Does It Take."  "What Does It Take"!  I tried, I tried    together  I tried, I tried   claps    In every way I could   laughs  To make you see how much I love you   laughs  I hope you understood   both laugh  sad music   I love you.  I love you too, Dad.  exhales heavily    Take this for me, please.  Just in case.  Make sure you give it back to Barry.    exhales deeply  Okay.  Okay.  inhales deeply    animal roars  Who's Grodd?  Telepathic gorilla.  Spared his life on another Earth,  so he could invade Central City.  That's what mercy gets you.      This must be where Waller kept her suicide squad.  music swells  I think this is it.  Come on.  tech hums and buzzes faintly  Cisco, we found it.  garbled electronic noises  Cisco?  garbled electronic noises  Barry!   Hey, Cisco, can you read me?  Loud and clear.  Hey. Uh, so, we found it.  Jackpot!  But there seems to be  some kind of signal interference at the end of the hall,  and the lock is the Montgomery 3000.  sighs exasperatedly   The Montgomery 3000.  Wait, is that bad?  Well, we're looking at a 25ton door  that can withstand a 30megaton nuclear blast.  And aside from being completely bombproof,  the Montgomery 3000 can only be unlocked  by a voicerecognition system necessitating  three different passcodes from three different people,  and as if that weren't already enough,  the thing costs $10 million to build.   door unlocks  37 seconds.  I must be out of practice.  Well, ARGUS should ask for their money back.  tense music  Wait!  Make the plan, execute the plan.    snarling  King Shark slams the door and growls  Expect the plan to go off the rails.  growling  King Shark growls  King Shark stomps  I've seen a lot of things,  but a halfman, halfshark  takes the cake.  I can't believe ARGUS turned King Shark into a guard dog.  King Shark. That's adorable.  Give me your cold gun.  So you can do what, exactly?  Snart, there's only one way that tech's getting out of here.  chuckles  Oh, I see.  You didn't just recruit me  for my skills as a thief, did you?  You wanted a partner who wouldn't mind  if you got all murdery.  I told you what I'm up against.  All right?  Give me the gun.  cold gun charges    Open the door.  Open the door!  Have you seen "Shark Week," Barry?  Me, I can't get enough of it.  Good thing the Waverider has cable.   growls quietly  gasps  What's your point?  Most sharks are coldblooded,  but the great white shark, like our friend in there,  is partially warmblooded.   He's susceptible to cold.  Never strays into water  colder than 53.6 degrees Fahrenheit.  If we lower the temperature in that room to 53.5 degrees,  King Shark should fall asleep  like a little baby.  Or, you can go ahead and kill him,  and prove what a badass you are.  Your choice.  thoughtful music    freon cartridge pops out of gun  whispering Throw away the plan.  swelling music  cartridge hisses  milk froths  Hohoho. claps  Tracy Brand, you know,  it's moments like this I'm reminded that S.T.A.R. Labs  is so much more than a haven for beautiful minds, it's   It's a miniature Jitters.  It's a oh, yeah. Uh!   slurps drink  Raspberry and coriander.  Mmm! laughs appreciatively  Yes, it is it's a home   Yeah.   is what it is. You know what?  It's my home. It's my  It's my family. Although, I  you know what, I will say  I have to tell you, I haven't always felt   I belong completely.  What?  Yeah, lacking a clear sense of purpose sometimes.   But then you arrived.  I did?   Oh, yeah, I did.  Oh, yeah, you did.  Here you are. Yeah. And with you here,  I understand my purpose.  It's us. You and me.  That meeting of the mind that we have, it's just so powerful  But H.R., you're from another Earth   Yeah, I yeah  I'm I'm a unemployed,  former grad student, who  Come work at S.T.A.R. Labs with me.  Okay? I mean, it doesn't pay much.   How much?  Ah, it pays next to nothing.  But you know what? It wouldn't matter.  We'd be together. Imagine: me inspiring you,  and you applying that inspiration,  and us changing the world together.  And drinking so much coffee!  laughs  gasps   Tracy Brand.  gasps  Will you do me the honor  of joining Team Flash?  With you? I'd love to.  both laugh  snarling  roars  thuds to the ground  circuitry explodes  By all means, you first.  Thanks.  dramatic music  snarling  Reminds me of "Jaws."  They didn't show the shark because they couldn't afford  to make it look good.    King Shark snarls  exhales shakily    How long do you think he'll stay asleep?  I like "Shark Week." I'm not a marine biologist.    tech grates against chamber  door begins to slide shut  gasps    Snart!  Barry!  alarms blare  This place is gonna be crawling with ARGUS agents  in the next two minutes.  Look on the bright side, Barry.  This is your chance to show how ruthless you really are.  Sometimes you gotta make a tough call, Barry.  intense music    Cisco?  We need your help.  I have the energy source, but  Snart's trapped inside the cell with King Shark.  You gotta open the door.  I can't hack into the mainframe.  Hurry, all right?  Cisco's working on it.  Whatever you do, don't look behind you.  intense music  If Cisco saves my life, tell him I'll  put in a good word with my sister.  Come on  keys clack, computer beeps  Bam!  Come on, come on!  Come on, come on! Come on, come on!   I got you!  Barry!  I got you, I got you!   skin squelches  Hang on!  Now, Cisco, now! Close it!   door slams shut  King Shark growls  both panting  Ouch.  Been there.  Okay  skin squelches  growling Flash!  Let's get out of here.  Lyla.  Barry.  I told you I couldn't give this to you.   Yeah.  And you snuck in here anyway?  To save Iris' life, Lyla. Yeah. I'll do anything.  Not anything.  I saw the whole thing on the security monitors.  You could have left Snart to die.  But you risked your freedom and Iris' life to save him.  sighs  sighs  soft music    You're just gonna let me have it?  I couldn't let Iris die knowing that that could save her.  And I know you'd do the same thing for me  if it were John's life on the line.  Thank you.  Now go. Do it.  And get this guy back to wherever he belongs.  Took the words right out of my mouth.    Tell me, Snart, did you think I had it in me?  To leave you behind?  I wasn't sure.  Always known you had the potential to be  as ruthless as they come.  Your history made sure of that, same as mine.  Who knows, maybe that's why we get along.  You see the good in me. I see the bad in you.   Maybe.  Piece of advice:  stop trying to beat Savitar at his own game.  Your goodness is your strength.  hopeful music  And call me sentimental  I think the Flash should remain a hero.    Take care of yourself, Snart.  No strings on me.  whoosh  No strings on me  whooshing  We did it!  We got the Dominator tech.  Yes, yes!   Where's Iris?  Ah, Iris  safely stashed away on Earth2 with ole Harry Wells.  terrifying music    No.    whoosh  Barry! Savitar knows where Iris is.  exhales  device beeps rapidly  Savitar's coming.   What?  Now. Joe.  Iris, stay behind me.  He gets to you through my dead body.   Harry, Wally.  Yeah.  loud whooshing  tense music  I got him.   whoosh  electricity sizzles  swooshing  electricity zaps    electricity zaps  thud  circuits crackle  bones snap  screams  electricity snaps  thud  guns fire  bullets ricochet off of suit  suit groans mechanically  mechanic whirring and clanking  Iris yelps  dramatic music  Oh, God.  It's really true.  Yes, it is.  Aim that gun at me and I'll kill you.    Listen to me.   You were my son once.  Oh.  Whatever I did to make you feel this way  I'm sorry.  chuckles scornfully  Please, Barry.  No.  That's not my name.   Barry.  That's not my name!  Please! Stop, okay?  I will go with you, just please, do not kill them.  chuckles  I'm not gonna kill them now.  They  need to watch you die first.   Baby, no.  Dad, it's okay.  Oh, look, Joe.  She's accepted her fate.  electricity snaps loudly  You should too.  whoosh  groaning in pain  whoosh    He took her.  He breathes heavily       I'm sorry, Barry. I'm so sorry.  It's okay.  No, it's not. It's not okay, Barry.  I should have been there for her,   I should have protected her  Look, you did everything you could,  All right?  You trusted me, and I let you down.   Listen to me. Listen to me!  I let you down.  There's no way you could ever let me down.  You've become the hero I always knew you could be.  exhales shakily  I'm gonna go get our girl back, all right?  sniffs tearfully  door slams   B.A., I'm so sorry.  It's okay.  I screwed up. I'm so sorry.  So, what now?  sigh  Now we go to Infantino Street.  We know exactly where Savitar's gonna be and when.  Is the bazooka ready?  I've loaded the power source into the device,  which should deliver the necessary amount of energy  to trap Savitar in the speed force.  We'll be on standby in case it fails.  It won't fail. It won't fail. It's ready.  You didn't have that the last time,   so we have the upper hand now.  Mmhmm.  All right.  You guys figure out what your plan is.  I can't be here to know any of it.  You know where I'll be.  items rustling  Gauntlets, check.  Goggles, check.  Super powers?  inhales  Check.  Locked and loaded.  case zips  Don't stress.   Tracy's bazooka  sighs Yeah.    it's gonna work.  Tracy's bazooka?   Yeah, you helped.  huffs I didn't I didn't  object clatters to ground   I didn't help.  Yes, you did.   You inspired her.  I didn't inspire her. I  I didn't do anything inspiring.  You know what's inspiring? Barry.  A hero among heroes. You're all heroes.  And you've all given me so  so much, you know?  You've given me a home, you've given me a purpose.  Now you've led me to the woman that I adore,  that I wanna spend my future with,  and through it all, what have I done?  What have I done? What have I contributed except  drums on hat  some fairtomiddling drumming,  and lead Savitar directly to Iris.   That's not fair.  It's not fair?  It's not fair for you to say. Savitar tricked us.  Us? Me.  I'm the one who opened his big, fat mouth,  and now we're all in trouble, and especially Iris,  'cause I couldn't keep my mouth shut!  Hey! That coulda happened to me, okay?  Easy. I mean it. That coulda happened to me,  that could happen to any of us.    H.R     You gonna hold down the fort?  punches hat lightly  Yeah. chuckling  Of course you are.  'cause that's what you do.  You show up.  You're ready.  Dependable when we need you the most.  You hear me?  I hear you.  both chuckle  All right. clears throat  Till next time.    warping sound  terrifying music  Oh, Cisco.  Time for a little chat.  electricity zaps  Cisco?  I just had a vibe.  What? What'd you see?  Killer Frost.  I saw this coming.  What are you talking about?  Ever since Caitlin got powers,  I've had vibes of us fighting in a forest.  This whole time I've been fighting it.  I didn't wanna face the fact that one day,  she'd be this far gone.  Then go now.  Keep her from making the biggest mistake of her life.  What about you? You're gonna need my help.  Savitar won't be with her right now.  This is our best chance to help her.  Go save Caitlin.  I'll save Iris.  News announcer: In other legal news,  the highly publicized trial of Jared Morillo,  AKA Plunder, comes to a close.  Morillo was found guilty of grand theft  and aggravated assault after he was caught by Kid Flash  robbing the Central City Museum earlier this year.  Please don't fail, please don't fail.  Everybody,  stay on alert.  Here we go.  exhales  clock ticks  I know you're here!  Come out and face me like a woman.  I didn't think you'd actually show.  That's 'cause you don't know anything about me.  Or Caitlin, for that matter.  Savitar's right.  In order to join him as a god,  I have to cure myself of Caitlin.  This has to happen.  I don't wanna fight you.  I don't wanna fight you, either.  I wanna kill you.  icicles shoot through air  sonic wave rushes forward  whooshing  intense music    grunts  panting    whoosh  Flash. This is it.  Now the moment is upon us.  My ascension to become a god.   Not tonight.  Show me you're the hero.  gasps  Let's see what happens.  I'm gonna stop you.  whoosh  gun shoots  whooshing  electric humming  grunts  electric zaps  Ha! It's working.  energy trap whirrs and crackles  Flash grunts with effort  It's working.  panting  electricity zaps  suit hums mechanically     What?  It didn't work.  What what? panting  Why didn't it work?  I spent an eternity in a trap just like that.  You think I didn't know how to prevent it  from happening again?  The philosopher's stone.  It's made of calcified Speed Force energy,  and you gave it to me.  No guys guys!  I failed.  Joe!  You stuck me with Speed Force for an eternity of hell.  Now, welcome to yours.  No. Don't do this.  Don't do this!  Now, finally, I am free of you.   Barry.  I'm begging you, just  Barry!  You lose, Barry.  spear unsheaths  wailing No!  Aurora's "Murder Song"  Hi, Barry. Um  there's something that I need to say to you.  I love you.  And if something happens,  I need you to hear this.    I, Iris Ann West,  take you, Bartholomew Henry Allen,  to be my lawfully wedded husband.  To have and to hold, from this day forward.  In sickness and in health.  To love and to cherish.  My eyes   Until death do us part.  And bang   I am dead   spear rushes  I know   panting Iris. Iris.  He knows   Iris!  That he's killing me   For mercy   Five, four, three, two   One   Five, four   Three, two   One This season on "The Flash"  I went back in time and created an alternate timeline,  a whole new existence.  I created Flashpoint and changed everything.   Who are you?  Savitar. The god of speed.  You said that I trapped you in the future. Where?  as Savitar The only place that could hold me.  The Speed Force.   Iris West, will you marry me?  Yes!  Dr. Brand invents the technology  that traps Savitar in the Speed Force.   Good luck with that.  We don't wanna fight you.  We're your friends. Your family.   Caitlin, I love you.  I never loved any an you.  Caitlin is working with Savitar.   Caitlin is dead.  Not to me.  I know who you are.  I am the future Flash.  When I have control of all of time,  it will be you who is abandoned and forgotten!  And I only need for Iris to die  so that you are driven so far into the dark  that I can be born.  I'm gonna stop you.  It didn't work.  You lose, Barry!  screaming No!  blade clashes  Iris! sobbing    solemn music      crying softly    gun cocks, electronic whirring  panting    sobs  exhales  gun clicks  Oh, no.    sobbing  drumsticks clatter    gasping  Iris?   chokes  Iris?  breathes heavily  B.A.?  softly What?   panting  transmogrifier chimes  electronic chirping  B.A.  H.R.?  gasping  crying softly    exhales  breathes heavily  Dad.  sniffles  electronic whirring  Dad. sobs  stammers  Baby?  Yeah.  dramatic orchestral music  sobs  both crying  I don't understand.  It was H.R.  gasping softly  Till the next one.    dramatic music    whispering H.R.  Hi.  whispering Hi.  Let's get you out of here.  Where is everybody else?  I couldn't tell  Barry, or Savitar, would know I was coming.  blade rings   Let's get you out of here.  Okay.  tense music  whooshing  shard clanks    Get her.    panting   We can't outrun them.  No, we can't.  tense music  transmogrifier whirs  electronic whirring  electronic whirring  What are you doing?  I'm the reason Savitar found you.   I need to remedy that.  Not like this.   Give me that. Oh!  thudding  crates clatter  Don't! I'm the one he wants.  Okay? Please, don't hurt him.    crying H.R.!   Tracy.  No.  panting   No. No.  It's it's okay.  Why are you doing this?  I couldn't be a coward.  I'm not a coward.  We just found each other.  I know.    Our story would be brilliant.  You will be brilliant.  You will be glorious, Tracy Brand.  You will be.  I've seen seen it with my own eyes.  I love you.  grunts  sobbing softly  Oh, B.A.?   B.A.  I'm right here.  Will you tell Cisco  please tell him  whispering inaudibly  Will you tell him that?  For me?   Yeah.  Good.  Now  go stop Savitar.    sobs H.R.  H.R.    sobs    panting  Savitar took the Speed Force bazooka.  suspenseful music  Byebye, Vibe.  whooshing  Keep him alive.  What? Why?  Because I need him to build something for us.  suspenseful music  electronic beeping  "Iris WestAllen."   It changed back.  gasps   Does that mean what I think it means?  Yeah, Joe.  The future's ours again.    pulsing whirring  growls  Savitar?   Something's wrong.  What is it?  She's not dead.    How is that possible?  H.R.  He took her place.  H.R.  stammers I thought you said H.R. lives.  Not anymore!  If Iris doesn't die  That means the future's changing.  So is yours.   sighs What?  H.R.'s dead? I I can't believe that.   Is Tracy all right?  Not good.  She just wants to be alone.  There'll be time to mourn.  Right now, we need to figure out our next move.  So for the millionth time,  I'm lost on all this time travel stuff.  What happens now? With Savitar?  Iris didn't die. So that changes things, right?  I mean, since Iris didn't die,  future me never goes down that same dark path.  I never create time remnants to fight Savitar.  And if future you never creates these time remnants,  then Savitar himself is never born.  Precisely. Once the time paradox  catches up with him, then inhales  he'll be erased from existence.  But I saw him. He didn't disappear.   Not yet.  But he will, Joe.  Any guesses how long that's gonna take?  Maybe a few hours?  He can do a lot of damage in a few hours.  Well, guys, we can't just sit around  and wait for Savitar to disappear.  But Savitar won't become Savitar if he's erased.  Not unless he pulls off  whatever he's got in mind, before the paradox hits him.   He stole the bazooka for a reason.  Yeah, why?  I don't know, but remember,  he's been planning this for centuries.  He wants to be a god.  He must need the bazooka,  and Caitlin, to achieve his goals.  Anybody got any good news?  Actually, uh, voilÃ .   What is that?  This, Detective,  is the cure for Caitlin.  You're kidding. You figured it out?  Not by myself. With the help of  Caitlin's mother.  This is experimental gene therapy.  This? This will rewrite Caitlin's metaDNA.  This will bring back  Caitlin. chuckles  whoosh I searched the forest.  Savitar and Caitlin were gone.  So was Cisco.  Savitar has 'em both.  crashing  Cisco laughs  Oh, you better have a plan B,  'cause I don't think your plan A worked out too well.  Fix this.  Fix what? The Speed Force bazooka?  Hey, I didn't name it.  If I didn't name it, I didn't make it.  And if I didn't make it,  I don't know how it works.  Oh, you know enough about it to alter what it does.  Oh, I see. You want me to alter it.  Well, what do you want me to alter it into?  Like, a hair dryer? Or a waffle maker?  Oh, I know. Maybe something that's gonna  fix that thincrust pizza you call a face.  An intradimensional quantum splicer.  dramatic music  A splicer.  I do have a plan B.  I open a time portal, exposing the Speed Force,  you shoot me with that, and I become fragmented  throughout all of time.  The past, present, future.  After that, the paradox can't reach me.  You wanna splice yourself throughout time?  Exist in every single moment there ever was?  All of us aware and connected  through one consciousness.  I'll be everywhere every hour, every minute.  And then,  I will rule from the Big Bang until the end of the world.  You wanted us to build this thing.  Well, why do you think I let you idiots live?  Tracy Brand trapped me in the Speed Force in the future.  All I had to do was get her to build this a little earlier  and have my best friend make all the adjustments.  I'm not your friend.  Get  to work, Francesco.  How about I sit on my ass  and let you obliterate permanently from existence?  How's that sound?  hand fluttering  That's your plan?  Do it or you'll ReverseFlash me?  Not you.  whispering Her.  sighs  sharp ringing  You know what I'm remembering?  Julian just got back to S.T.A.R Labs.  He has the cure.  He can turn her back.  You can have her back. You're so close.  But not if she's dead.  So put that mechanical genius to good work.  Make me what I need.  And I will let you both go.  intense music  pensive music    I hated Thawne  and Zoom.  They took so much from me.  And I've hated Savitar  for threatening to take you away from me too.  But he didn't.  I know.  There is strength in anger.  I've used it before.  And so we sit here, with our anger,  trying to think of a way to hurt Savitar  or maybe kill him.  And I just don't think that hate's gonna get it done this time.  What do you mean?  Something that Snart said to me  that the Flash should stay a hero, all the way,  and sometimes that it's not about who can punch the hardest  or run the fastest.    So what are you gonna do?  The last thing he'd expect.    low ominous music    whoosh    I wasn't sure you'd come.  Must be an odd sensation,  getting new memories.  You having an uncertain future.  What do you want? I'm busy.  chuckling Doing what?  Getting erased from existence?  We will see which one of us gets erased.  Are you still planning on becoming a god?  Cisco and Caitlin are still alive.  If that's what you're worried about.  Oh, I know. You need them, right?  To pull off your grand ascension.  Look, Barry,  if I wanted to talk to myself,  I could have done that, back at my lair.  What do you want?  I wanna help you.   Really?  You don't have much time  before the paradox reaches you.  Come back to S.T.A.R Labs.  Let Cisco and Caitlin go,  and let us figure out a way to save you.  You really think I'd trust you?  You showed up.  So you remember me coming here.  Did I have any tricks up my sleeve?  Was I was I planning on blindsiding you?  I don't know, Barry.  Maybe I get off on watching you grovel.  No, I don't think that's it. I think you're hearing me.  I'm still in there.  Deep down, buried beneath the scars and the pain,  that part of you that it must feel so lonely.  But it also knows what it's like to have a family,  to have friends.  You can have all that back.  We can stop hurting each other.  I remember when I was six, and, uh  I begged Mom and Dad  to let me go to the Science Expo in Midway.  And, uh, well, we got a flat tire on that dirt road, no spare,  so we were towed to that garage in a tiny, onestreet town.  Of course, we were stuck there all day.  Then we got ice cream  and French fries with gravy  at that little diner.  And then that night, we watched  the local fireworks show, and  Actually, it turned out to be a great day.  And it's my favorite memory of Mom and Dad.  What was the name of that town?  Masonville.  I'm still in there.  Come home.  suspenseful music  soft music    tense music    You make a move toward Iris  He won't. Killing Iris  won't save him now, not anymore.  Where is Cisco? Where's Caitlin?   They're safe.  I was asking him.  Show me that you can help me.  Then I will tell you where your friends are.  You tell us now, or you go up in smoke.  This is bloody insanity.   Can't believe this.  What is he doing here?   He's a monster.  Hey! Hey! Stop! Guys.  It's okay.  Everyone, just  Iris, stay away from him.  Look at me.  It's okay. Look at me.    We're gonna help you, okay?    Thank you.  Right. Well, since our guest here  has both of our resident scientists hostage,  what temporal problem can we help you with?  Tracy built the Speed Force trap.  Maybe she has an idea.  Tracy's our best bet.  Am I?  So you're Savitar.  I hear you're about to have a really bad day.  Good.  Tracy  He stole my future.  Why does he deserve one?  I shouldn't have come here.  No. We'll get her to help us.  I think I know someone who might be able  to get through to her.    gasps  Uh I'm not H.R.  My name is Harrison Wells.  I'm from a different Earth.  In the multiverse how to explain this?  tearfully You're his doppelganger?  chuckles  Yeah.  stutters Something like that look.  These people  they're good people.  And they need your help.  inhales shakily  By helping the bad guy  that I spent weeks trying to stop?  No. I won't do it.  The only reason I agreed was because of H.R.  H.R. needs your help.  H.R. is dead.  That's why you need to stay.  Because of what Savitar took from you,  because of what Savitar took from H.R everything.  H.R. paid the price that he did  because he loved these people.  Because he loved you.  And when the moment came,  H.R. didn't run.  slow, swelling music    Strange being back here.  You remember S.T.A.R Labs?  I remember everything.  This is where we came up with the cerebral inhibitor  to use against DeVoe.  Who?  You haven't gotten there yet.  inhales  So how's this gonna work? Where will I live?  What do you mean?  Are Wally and I gonna be bunkmates?  Am I supposed to just rejoin Team Flash,  fight some Rogues?  What kind of life were you thinking I'd lead?  stammering I hadn't gotten that far yet.  How do we explain me at the wedding?  And do I sit brideside or groomside?  Ah, look, I mean, we don't have all the answers.  You know, we're gonna figure it out.  Together.    No.  Not together.  Love and hate, they're so close.  It's easy to mistake one for the other.  You're gonna spend the rest of your life with him.  But I remember giving you the ring.  Singing to you.  Asking you to marry me.  inhales sharply  I can't do this.  No, yes, you can. Okay?  I will be here for you.  I tried to kill you.  I killed H.R.  And you are going to have to live with that.  But we won't give up on you, okay?  That is not what we do.  There is a way through this for all of us.  hopeful music  Where are Cisco and Caitlin?    I'll bring them home.  sighs  whooshing  alarms chirping  dramatic music  What is it?  There's energy radiating from the breach room.  And it's not breach energy.  It's the philosopher's stone.  It's releasing all its energy.  Savitar.  It looks like it's gonna blow.  rapid beeping  Wally. Get everybody out.    explosion roaring    energy whooshing, crackling    ominous music    Is it finished?  Yeah. It's finished.  Fantastic.  You know Savitar's gonna turn on you one day.  No, he won't.  A bad guy like Savitar  always turns on his partners.  Not this time.  Wake up!  You're only saying that because he needs something from you.  Once he's done with that, it's over for you.  whoosh   How'd it go?  As I expected.  I was a fool to think otherwise.  Where did he go? What did you do?  I got rid of a problem.  A few of 'em.  Now I can fix mine.   Are we ready?  Yes.  Do it.  ice crackling  Caitlin  Listen to me.  He'll do it.  He'll kill you.  I'll take my chances.  energy rushes  exciting music  Gypsy! No, wait. No!  portal whooshes  You don't care that they got away?  No, it doesn't matter.  It's time.  grunting  shouts  Ow!  I had that. I was getting through to her.  You were almost killed.  Maybe that's how it looks to the untrained eye.  These eyes are highly trained.  And I know you were in danger because  I vibed it across the multiverse.  I can't believe this is the thanks I get for saving you!  This isn't thanks! This is the opposite of thanks!  Wait a minute.  How did you vibe that I was in trouble?  Because we are connected.  Jackass.  Guys?    Oh, my God.  I thought something happened to you guys.  TwoFace told me you guys were dead.  We're okay. Gypsy   Gypsy.  Guys.  Gypsy.   Harry.  Here to help.  Good.  I know what he's up to.  We have to hurry.  I must become immortal  before the paradox reaches me.  tense music  Today, I become a god.  whoosh    electricity crackling  portal hums  This is why I brought you here.  The Speed Force doesn't like it  when speedsters mess with time.  Get ready.   portal whirs and zaps  animalistic roaring  ice blasts firing    intense music  roars  ice blast fires  shattering  See ya later, Hunter.  The one thing Black Flash can't fight cold.  whoosh  Finally! To be a god!  gun fires  shouting    echoing clanking  energy ringing  What?  No!  whooshing, clanking  I've been waiting a long time to do that.  Garrick!   How did you  He didn't.  I did.  By changing the polarity of the climbing arc,  I changed your Speed Force splicer  into a Speed Force skeleton key.  Didn't think I was actually gonna let you  become a god, now, did you?  Let's end this.  Go!   whoosh  ice shatters  icicles whooshing  electricity crackling  dramatic music    blades clashing    electricity crackles    operatic music swells  electricity crackling  ice and energy whooshing  grunts  groaning  groaning  intense music  Go ahead, Cisco. Go bad.    No. I never will.  But I will give you a choice.  pouch unzips  You wanna be Caitlin again?  Here's your chance.     Look out!  whooshing  thud  grunts in pain  whoosh  You'll pay for what you did!  And you can die the same way twice.  whirring  whoosh  exciting music    I knew you didn't have it in you, Caitlin.  whoosh  grunts sharply  gasps  I only have a few minutes left.  I can feel it.  But before I go,  I'm gonna kill Joe.  And Wally.  And Iris.  If I am going to die,  then everything you love is going to die too.  No! whoosh  whooshing  triumphant music    How's it feel  to get so close to your ascension,  and end up on the ground?  Now I see.  pants   It's written.  Nothing's written!  dark orchestral music  metallic clanking  grunts  exhales heavily  spear clangs  breathing hoarsely    Do it!  pants  You kill me, you become me.  Either way, I live.  panting  spear retracts  whirring  triumphant music  gasping  I'll never let the pain,  the darkness, determine who I am.  I will never be you.  shouts  whoosh  breathing heavily    electricity crackles  dramatic, booming music    Savitar shouts  gunshot    shimmering tones    All these months, you were trying to save me from him.  Look at that. I saved you.        sighs  somber music  When I think of H.R.,  I'm reminded of  a story that John Lennon once told.  When Lennon was five years old, his teacher asked him to  write down what he wanted to be when he grew up.  Lennon wrote, "Happy."  His teacher said that he didn't understand the assignment, and  Lennon said that they didn't understand life.  H.R. understood life.  He wasn't a genius, and he didn't have super speed.  But when we needed him the most, he was our hero.  He was my hero.    Mine too.    Good on you, mate.  Thanks for believing in me, H.R.  Hey, I've been looking for the right time to tell you.  Tell me what?  Right before H.R. died,  he asked me to give you a message.  stammers Tell tell Cisco  this took strength, and he gave it to me.  sighs  I know that you've had a connection  with every Wells that we've met, but  I don't know. Something about this Wells  Yeah  Something.    sighs    I'll be right back.    Well, well, well.  At least you're not shopping at Villains "R" Us anymore.  I'm sorry about H.R.  I'm sure he would have appreciated you coming.  Why did you come?  I don't know.  Maybe you wanted to come home.  I don't have a home.  Yes, you do, Caitlin.  You do. With your friends.  With me.  I'm sorry, Julian.  I'm not Caitlin anymore.  You're not Killer Frost.  No, I'm not.  I'm something else.  And I need to figure out what that is.  On my own.  Hey.  Cisco.  Let me go.    traffic hums  both sigh  exhausted exhale  chuckles  both laugh   Stop it.  It's not funny.   I know.  Why are we laughing?  We should not be laughing. Today, of all days.  I think H.R. would have approved.  Probably.  Are you okay? I mean  with what you did.  I'm sure one day, it'll hit me.  In the future,  which I have again.  We have.  Every day of it.  Every hour, every minute   both laugh  I think we have the song picked out  for the dance at our reception.  Oh, yeah, that reminds me.  I can officially mail these.  What are these?  Save the date cards for our wedding.  On one of my braver days, I filled them out.  I never mailed them, not knowing if I would  live to see the ceremony, but  but now I guess it's safe to  whoosh  satisfied sigh  Delivered.  I wasted a lot of money on stamps,  thank you very much.  laughs  Are you  ready to be Iris WestAllen?  gentle music   I've always been Iris WestAllen.  laughs  I've always been yours.  rumbling  What was that?  tense music  furniture rattles   glass shatters  Oh, my  gasps  There's never been an earthquake in Central City.  zapping, thunder rumbles  That wasn't an earthquake.  live wires buzz and pop  You found something?  Everything's barbecued.  I'm gonna try to establish an uplink to the satellite.   scrambled electronic chirps  That's not good.  Hey, Wally, can you reverse the polarity   on the neutron flow?  On it.  Central City University just reported an earthquake  of 6.6 on the Richter scale.   That's not an earthquake.  Then what was it?  Earthquakes come from down below.  This this is something else.  rumbling  equipment crashes  electricity zaps  It's gettin' bad out there.  Emergency services will soon be overwhelmed.  Guys. 7.2, that last one.   Cisco.  Yeah?  We're on! Guys.  electronic beep  What is that thing?   That's definitely not a breach.  Holy plutonium.  What even emits that many kilojoules?  The Speed Force.  But Savitar's dead.  That's the problem.  It's the Speed Force prison.  It needs an occupant.  When you freed me, we emptied it.   Without a prisoner  It goes unstable.  And now it's bleeding energy onto our Earth.  Okay, so how do we stop this?  By giving it what it needs.  Which is what?  dramatic music  lightning zapping  people screaming, sirens wailing  The Speed Force is unbalanced.  I have to stabilize it.   What? How?  By running into it.  No, you can't. Barry, you'll be trapped in there forever.  If I don't go, the whole city,  maybe even the entire planet, could be destroyed.  Cisco.  There's gotta be another way, right?  Barry, Central City needs The Flash.  And they'll have one.  They'll have one.  Right?  Right?  Yeah.  Mate  somber music    Do you mind sticking around?   Anything for you.  Barry.  Wally and Jay said they were in hell.  electric buzzing  energy whirs  swelling orchestral music    Barry, it's your mother.  That's the Speed Force.  Barry isn't going to hell.  But like all runners must eventually,  he's reached his finish line.  His race is over.  You can't take him with you.  She's not taking me anywhere.  I have to go.  Why? Why are you being punished?  This, all of this, it started with my mistake,  with Flashpoint.  This is this is my penance.  This is my redemption.  My beautiful boy.  It's time to rest.    citizens screaming  dramatic music   Don't mess it up with her.  I'll do my best.  They're all gonna look to you now.  I'm not a hero like you.  You've always been my hero.    All this time we were trying to save Iris,  you're telling me that  we should've been trying to save you too?  You did save me, Joe.  You took an 11yearold boy with a broken heart,  and you gave him a home  and so much love.  No son ever felt more love from a father.  No father ever felt more proud of a son.  gentle music  Barry.  It's time.  Barry.  This isn't fair.  I know.  We were supposed to have our happy ending.  I'm ready to be Iris WestAllen.  And you always will be.  But you need to keep living your life.  Keep growing.  Keep loving.  Keep running. For me.  Promise me you'll run, Iris.  softly I promise.  crying  I gotta go.  electric humming    portal whirs    music swells    portal whooshes  thunder rumbles and recedes    sobs softlyIris West,   will you marry me?  Yes.  I'm not Caitlin anymore.   You're not Killer Frost.  I'm not.  I'm something else,  and I need to figure out what that is on my own.  Cecile Horton,   I love you.  (CHUCKLES HAPPILY)  (ELECTRICAL BLASTS)  (EQUIPMENT CREAKING, CRASHING)  That is definitely not a breach.  The Speed Force is unbalanced.   This is Speed Force Prison.  Without a prisoner   It goes unstable.  How do we stop this?  My name is Iris West,  and I was supposed to marry the fastest man alive,  but six months ago, he left.  Barry, it's time.  (SOBBING) Barry.  This isn't fair. We were supposed to have our happy ending.  I'm ready to be Iris WestAllen.  And you always will be.  But you have to keep living your life, okay?  Keep running, for me.  Promise me you'll run, Iris.  (POIGNANT MUSIC)  I promise.    (WHOOSHES)    I promised him I'd run, so that's what I've been doing these last six months,  running as fast as I can.  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)  (WHOOSHING)    I can't find her, Cisco.   (WHOOSHES)  Well, I gotta work out more.  She's really stepped up her game.  Then let's turn up ours. I don't have eyes on her.   Iris?  Copy, I'm on it.  Looking (SCREEN WHIRRING)  Got her.  And?   Duck!  I don't see no duck.  (WALLOPS AND GRUNTS)  Peekaboo.  Your only warning, boys.  Stay back.   She meant the other duck.  Yeah, I cannot believe  you actually thought she meant a duck duck.   (TIRES SQUEAL)  Where is she, Iris?  She's headed for the Keystone Bridge.  If she gets out of the city, we're gonna lose her for good.  You guys have to stop her now.  Oh, I'ma catch her this time. (WHOOSHES)  I hate teleporters.    Three  Three  She jumps every third rooftop.  Cisco, she's gonna jump to the Broome Tower.  When she lands, stop her.  On it.  Dad, meet them at the bottom.  Copy.   Wally  I know what to do.  Whoa.  (ELECTRICAL WHOOSHING)  Come on.  Peekabooyah!    (GRUNTS)  (BOTH PANTING)  (GUNS COCK)  Dead bang, fellas.  (ELECTRICAL WHIRRING)  (SIRENS BLARING)  (TIRES SCREECH)  Look at that.  We got her.   (ELEVATOR DINGS) I'm so proud of us.  That was a good hustle out there, Team Vibe.  It's Team Kid Flash, but thank you.  Okay, not your finest hour, gentlemen.  What are you looking at me for? I was the one to put her down.  And Wally and I helped him out with the assist. Classic maneuver.  Yeah, it actually went exactly as we planned.  Exactly as we planned.  You don't believe us, ask Joe.  Joe, go ahead and tell her how this went exactly as we planned.  PeekaBoo fell right into our trap.   I'm not doing that.  And we aren't exactly  catching bad guys at our old rate.  One out of every three metas that we've fought  in the last six months has escaped.  Temporarily, yes,  but Team Kid Flash is on the case.  Son, I love you,  but ain't nobody feeling Team Kid Flash.  It's, like, too many syllables.  Okay, guys, maybe a little less fooling around  and a little more taking things seriously.  It's up to us to protect this city, right?  Because there is no one else.  (POIGNANT MUSIC)  Wally, why don't you, um, go to the Speed Lab?  I've programmed a new training simulation for you.   It should only take four hours.  Four what?  No, what about family dinner tonight?  You know what, training sounds amazing.  Okay. See ya at home, boss.    Cisco, you wanna  share what you're thinking?  I'm thinking it would be a lot better off  if we weren't one man down.    I only have a couple more boxes to bring over.  We have no more room  in the garage or the basement.  Right or, we could just get rid of some more of your stuff.   Like what?  Like, babe, do you really need  all the smelly old records in there?   Oh, Cecile  Records?  You mean my vintage jazz LP collection   Mmhmm.  That I painstakingly  and carefully collected over the last 30 years?   Really?  Those are my loves, babe.  They're going in the coffin with me when I die.  Okay, maybe we could bury them now,  and you can just join them at a later date.   Oh, you got jokes?  Yeah.  You lucky I already gave you the key,  because I'm starting to rethink this whole movein thing.   No, you're not.  No, I'm not.   No, you're not  (LAUGHS)  'Cause you love me.  Um (CLEARS THROAT)  Why don't I go make some coffee?  Obvious.  (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)  Okay, so,  ever since Julian moved back to London,  they have been shortstaffed in the crime lab at CCPD,  and I've been stalling Singh with this whole story of  Barry being on sabbatical in the Czech Republic  And they wanna hire someone to replace him.    Yeah, they should. They need the help.   Barry's not coming back, so  You don't know that.  Yes, I do.  Sweetheart (CLEARS THROAT)  I'm very proud of you for taking the lead  with Wally and Cisco at S.T.A.R. Labs,  and I let you have your space,  so that you'd have time to deal with what happened.  Dad, I'm fine, okay?  I'm not. We lost him, Iris.  My son, your everything.  Dad, what do you want me to do?  Curl up in a ball and cry all day?  I can't do that.  Barry told me to be strong. I'm being strong.  When H.R. died, we had a funeral.  We spoke about his life.  Maybe we should do the same thing for Barry,  give us all permission to grieve.  And what are we gonna bury, Dad?  An empty suit in the lab?  (POIGNANT MUSIC)    You know what, thank Cecile for dinner.  I'm gonna get going, okay?    (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)    (EXHALES SHARPLY)    (WARBLING)  (GLASS SHATTERING, SIRENS BLARING)  Wally? Cisco?  We're up.  (ELECTRICAL BLAST)  (SIRENS BLARE, TIRES SCREECH)  Guys? What are we looking at?   Holy Ronin.  (INDISTINCT CLAMORING)  (WHOOSHES)  (SWORDS WHOOSHING)  It's a Samurai.  Anybody speak Japanese?    Tell me he did not just speak Japanese.  I can do things.    The Flash.  Yeah, you're looking at him, pal.  You're not The Flash. You're not the best.  Bring me The Flash  I'm sensing an "or else."  Or else your city falls.  The Flash ain't coming.  Furthermore, Mifune,  we're gonna need you to sheath that sword  before somebody gets hurt,  somebody like you, for instance,  'cause you're up against some bad hombres,  and what do you think you're gonna do against us   with a sword?  (CHUCKLES)  (SWORDS WHOOSHING, ELECTRICAL BLAST)  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)  (CAR RUMBLING)  (GLASS CLINKING)  You guys okay?  (GROANS)  What the hell kinda sword is that?  You have one day.  If The Flash does not face me,  Central City dies.  (WHOOSHES)    The Flash hasn't been seen in almost 6 months,  leaving us to speculate  what can save us from this newest threat.  There are other superheroes in this town.  Yeah, and your boy, Kurosawa, over there  blew us away like ragdolls  performing his reverse Excalibur.  We haven't faced anything like this before.  Why do you think he only wanted The Flash?  He said he wants to fight the best.  He's threatening to destroy the city.   Do we think he can do it?  I say yes.  Then he has to fight The Flash.  Who isn't here?  (SOFT, STIRRING MUSIC)  What if he was?  Iris, you said it yourself.  Just us trying to keep the city safe,  we're barely getting it done.  And this guy, he's no joke.  If we don't offer up The Flash, there's gonna be serious damage.  People are gonne die, and that's gonna be on us.    We need to bring Barry back.  Cisco, we can't.  If Barry comes out, the Speed Force Prison goes  It becomes unstable.  It could destroy the city, the whole world.  Which is exactly what we're trying to prevent.  What if I can solve that?   In the next 24 hours?  Yes!  Guys, I've been working on this.  For how long?    Since the night he left.   Cisco?  I've had help.  I've consulted with Harry and and Tina  and Tracy and Felicity and Curtis,  and I'm pretty sure I figured out a way  to stabilize the Speed Force Prison and free Barry  without unleashing another lightning storm on the city.  I just need a couple more things.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)     Maybe we should.  No.  You've been working on this for how long  and you never told us?  I didn't wanna say anything until I was certain.  Are you certain that the Speed Force  won't take Wally in his place?  Are you certain that you can even close it  before it rips Central City in two?  Are you certain that Barry is even still alive?  He's gotta be.  (SLOW INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)  Iris, you, of all people,  how can you not be in on this?  Because Barry is gone.  That is the only thing any of us can be certain about.  Now, let's do what we can do to come up with a plan  to take out this Samurai.  Okay?   Okay?  Okay    But I'm gonna need some coffee.    (LIVE ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)  Coming over the mountain  Hello.  My, what a selection.  You got any recommendations?  Yeah, drink somewhere else.  What can I get you?  Let's go with something sweet  but deceptively strong  with lots of ice.    Shirley Temple, coming right up.  What is a nice girl with two doctorates and a PHD  doing in a rat's nest like this one?  Working. How'd you find me?  'Cause I'm great with computers,  and I have my own satellite. You do the math.   You Vibed me.  I Vibed you, yes.  You're looking a lot less frosty than the last time I saw you.  You said you weren't her, but you weren't Caitlin either.  It's just me, Cisco. I'm just Caitlin.  How'd you do it?  What do you want?  Well, a stiffer drink, for starters.  If you're back to normal, I have to know,  why didn't you come back to us?  (SOFT AMBIENT MUSIC)  Okay, I get it. That's fine.  I'm not gonna make you answer that.  But we really could've used you.  Barry's still stuck in the Speed Force?  You knew about that?  I'm gonna get him out, but I need your help.    (TENSE MUSIC)  Everything okay?   Everything's fine.  Yeah, everything's great, pal.  Do you mind? I'm talking to the lady.  I'm sure there's someone else you can find in here  to commiserate with over poor life choices.    (WHISPERS) Thank you.  Look, I figured out how to save Barry,  but I can't do it without you.  Did you see that Samurai that showed up today?  Yes.  He's threatening to blow up the city,  and we need Barry to stop him.  So help us out, please?  Caitlin?  My shift's over in an hour.  Girl, I got time.  Oh, this is good.  Is there anything you can't do?  Move on, apparently.  (SOFT STRING MUSIC)  Hang tight. You're coming home, buddy.  Hey, Cisco, can you pull up the Mockingbird satellite?  We're tracking down this Samurai.  Cisco?  Wally?  (SCREEN BEEPING)  (WHIRRING, BEEPING)  (SOLEMN MUSIC)    Mr. West, Mr. West.  So, what are we doing out here, Cisco?  It seemed an appropriate venue.   We've had good luck here before.  Why do we need good luck?  Because we're bringing Barry back.  Cisco, Iris said  I know what Iris said, Joe.  I also know Barry said everyone would look to me  after he was gone.  So look to me.  Four of us, we can do this.  What do you mean the four of us?   Hi, Joe.  It's okay.  She's Caitlin again, our Caitlin.  She's here to help us.  So, what do you say?    You better be right.  I am.    Joe, I know that I can never make up  for the things that I did to you, to Cecile.  I just hope  I just hope that one day you can forgive me.  (SOFT MUSIC)   Come here.  (CHUCKLES)    Let's bring everybody home today, okay?   You got it.  So how are we gonna bring  Barry back without blowing a hole in the, uh, world?  Ha! In the spirit of bringing back old friends,  may I present the Speed Force bazooka.  Ah  I made a few slight modifications,  as Captain Solo would say.  Caitlin and I spent all of last night  working out some kinks, finetuning the Quark Sphere.   What?  The Quark Sphere,  filled with Barry's unique genetic marker,  and programmed to track his specific DNA,  using the electrical current of the Speed Force.  Once we track Barry and we pull him out,  the Quark Sphere will trick the Speed Force   into thinking he's still there.  Hey, Wally,  can you put that on the center pylon?  (WHOOSHING)  (SCREEN WHIRRING)   Ready.  Let's bring our boy home.  Quark Matter scanning electrical current.  (WHOOSHING)  (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)    Triangulating Quark Matter on his location.  (SCREEN BEEPING)  I've got a lock on something.  It's him.  It's him!  Now, Cisco!  (ELECTRICAL BLAST)    (SCREEN BEEPING)  (SCREEN WHIRS)  (SOLEMN MUSIC)    (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)    (TIRES SCREECH, ENGINE HISSES)  (ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)  (WHOOSHING)    (TIRES SCREECH)  (ELECTRICAL BUZZING)  (SLOW INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)    (LIGHT MUSIC)  I can't believe you did this behind my back.  You would've tried to stop us.  Because it was a waste of time.  I don't understand. This should've worked.  Or you could've killed us all.  I don't know, Iris. I think we were pretty close.  I'm sorry, "we"?  Where have you been the last six months again?   She was only trying to help.  Look, guys,  we need to concentrate on stopping this Samurai  who's trying to destroy the city, not on Barry.   Dude, what is your deal?  (PHONE RINGING)  It's like you don't even want him back.  Hey, hey, hey!  Cecile, can I call you back in a minute?  We're in the middle of something here.  What?  State police picked him up on the 112   outside of Ivy City.  That's 300 miles away.  Yeah, one of the cops is a Keystone vet.   Recognized him.  I knew it would work.  I knew it.  You should prepare yourselves.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)    (SOFT MUSIC)  Barry?    Barry    Nora shouldn't be here.  Your mom isn't here, Barry. It's  it's me, Iris.  You're home.  Your Honor, I'm innocent.  I didn't do this. I didn't kill anyone.  Can you hear the stars singing?  Rhyming, chiming, timing every hour, every minute.  You said the city was safe,  that there was no residual danger,  but that's not true.  What really happened that night  The city is safe.  You saved it. You saved us all.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)    Stars melting  like ice cream,  dream, gleam. (GROANS)  Nothing seems  Nora shouldn't be here.  I'm guessing this isn't just shock.  Shock results from a drop in blood pressure.  This is neurological.  It's a whole new way of looking at physics.  It will change the way that we think  about everything,  from a single atom  to an entire galaxy.  God!  (GROANS) Stars so loud.  Loud, cloud, proud.  (TENSE MUSIC)  Dad and I are both okay.  We're gonna be fine.  I'm just not sure I'm like you, Oliver.    We need to get him back to S.T.A.R. Labs now.    (EXHALES SHARPLY) (SYRINGE HISSES)  What's the diagnosis?  Does he have brain damage or something?  He's actually scary healthy.  His neurotransmitters are functioning at  five times the normal speed.   Then what's wrong?  I have two theories.  One is that he's suffering from a form of schizophasia.  That's where you assign the wrong definitions to words.  So, from his perspective,  all that nonsense he's saying makes sense?  It's too bad we don't have a translator.  No, but we can make one.  If his brain's schizophastic  and these symbols represent different words,  he could be sending us a message,  and we just need the right algorithm to decrypt it.  You said you had two theories. What's the other one?  We know that the Speed Force exists beyond space and time.  To us, Barry was only in there for six months,  but to him, it could've been 10,000 years.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)  All that time in isolation,  it could've caused dementia.  That may be all of him that's left.  So how do we find out which one it is?  I could decrease the sedative, wake him up.  I think I've got the perfect song for that.  (LADY GAGA'S "POKER FACE" PLAYING)  Are you sure this is appropriate?  Yeah. It's a good luck charm.  I mean, it worked before.  Last time, he was in a coma,  not a pantemporal extra dimension.  Well, waking up to Gaga shouldn't seem too freaky.  Hey, Barry.  Hey.  It's me, Cisco,  AKA Vibe,  BKA your BFF.  Yeah. (CHUCKLES) Hey, buddy.  (SOFT STRING MUSIC)  Hey.    While you were gone, I made you a new suit.  Do you wanna take it out for a spin?  The stars are raining.  Draining.  Paining. Too soon.  I think maybe later.  No, thank you. I'm not hungry.  He didn't do those things.  He didn't hurt my mom. I was there that night.  There was a man, plan.  No plan.  (DISTRESSED LAUGHTER)  We're gonna need more diapers. (LAUGHS)  (CHUCKLES) Diapers.  You keep drawing, buddy.  You keep drawing. I'm gonna figure this out.     Caitlin  I don't know.  (CHUCKLING)  (MUMBLES)  Guys, can I get the room for a second?  (SOLEMN MUSIC)  77  Barry    (SNIFFLES) I don't know if you can hear me,  or if you're trying to send us a message somehow.  Hey, I did what you told me to.  I kept running, I kept moving forward,  because I knew that if I stopped to look back,  then I would remember that you weren't behind me anymore.  (WHIMPERING) And it's been so hard.  (POIGNANT MUSIC)  And when Cisco said that he could bring you back,  you know, I didn't know what to think.  What if it didn't work? What if you were dead?  I mean, I thought it would be like losing you all over again.    I never imagined this, though.    I don't know what I would do if this is all that's left of you,  if this is all that's left of the amazing man that I know  and love.    Please come back to me.    Tell me you're still my Barry.    (ELECTRICAL FLUTTERING)  Guys?  (WHOOSHING)  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)    Barry! Barry, stop!    Breach him to the pipeline!  He's too fast!  (ELECTRICAL BLAST, RUBBLE PATTERS)    Expecting someone else?  (ELECTRICAL POPS)  We need to get him in a containment cell  before he does that again.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)  (SCREEN BEEPING)  Samurai's back.  (SIGHS) More like Samurai jackass.  Nope, that's a rough draft.  It hasn't even been a full day yet.  He said he'd level the city if we didn't bring in The Flash.  Well, let's give him what he asked for.    (WHOOSHES)  You wanted me    Here I am. (WHOOSHES)  (WALLOPS AND GRUNTS)  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)  (WHOOSHING)  (WALLOPS AND GRUNTS)    You're not The Flash.  (YELLS, GRUNTS)    (GROANS)   Wally!  (GROANS)   (YELLS)  (GRUNTS)  (PANTING)  (COUGHS)  If I don't get the real Flash by nightfall,  this city comes down.  (WHOOSHES)  (GASPING)  How long till I can get back out there?  Wally, he sliced right through your fibula.  If you weren't a speedster, I'd be amputating your leg right now.  Okay, how long?  Four to five hours?  We don't have that kinda time.  You know what, I'm fine. (GROANS)  Son son, son  You've done everything you can do.  Relax.  (SCREEN BEEPING)   Any luck?  No, not yet.  The computer keeps telling me it's random gibberish.   (SIGHS) Maybe it is.  No, it's not.  Barry's trying to send us a message. I know it.  I mean, he spent all this time in the Speed Force.  Maybe now he knows the answers to  life, the universe, and everything.  So you think all this crazy writing  is Barry's way of telling us 42?  (LAUGHS) Yes, exactly.  Have I mentioned how much I miss having you around?  (SOFT AMBIENT MUSIC)    I'm gonna keep working on this.  (SCREEN BEEPS) Unless you have any ideas.  Nope, it's all Greek to me.  (SOFT, STIRRING MUSIC)  Great Caesar's Ghost.  This analysis is based on  a monoalphabetic substitution cipher,  but what if it's polyalphabetic?  What if it's it's like Greek?  Like the symbols are unique alphabet?  (SCREEN BEEPING)  Excelsior!   What is it?  Cisco figured it out.  He figured out how to crack Barry's code.   You did? What does it say?  Hold on one sec.  It's loading. Come on  Loading, loading, loading, loading and it says  (SCREEN WHIRS)  "This house is bitchin'."  (BEEPING SLOWS DOWN)  "This house is bitchin'"?   That doesn't sound like Barry.  No.  No. No, it doesn't.  That's 'cause it's not. (BEEPIIG STOPS)  (SOFT AMBIENT MUSIC)    (SLOW INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)    Whoa.  Don't tell me you have Frankenstein under there.  It's Barry's new suit,  although right now, I'm having trouble seeing it  as anything other than a waste of time.   Cisco  I know.  I should've listened to you.  (CHUCKLES) Barry was never trying to communicate with us,  but I believed it.  I really did.  Sometimes, I feel like if I believe in  something hard enough, that'll make it real.    You know what the worst part is?  I didn't do it to save the city.    I did it because it  gave me an excuse to bring him back.    I did it because I missed my friend.    (SIGHS)    (INHALES, EXHALES SLOWLY) Much better.  You said it yourself.  She goes looking for danger.    (CHUCKLES)    (MECHANICAL HISSING, WHIRRING)  I thought cleaning him up  would make me feel better, but  Yeah.  The more he looks like his old self,  the more it reminds you how lost he is.  (EXHALES SLOWLY)  You have to believe that things can get better.  There is an answer for every question.    I don't think I know how to anymore, Dad.  I know that feeling. I was struggling with it too.  But I figured it out.     How?  Church.  (LAUGHS)  You haven't gone to church since I was a kid.  I know.  Cecile suggested it, thought it would help.  But I swear,  one of the priest's homilies,  it was like it was like he wrote it for me.  "Strength means nothing  without faith"    And I started realizing  that my strength  didn't stop me from thinking I lost you to Savitar,  or that we'd never see Barry again.  Cecile reminded me to have faith    And I believed.  And here you two are.     You got strength, baby girl.  (CHUCKLES)    You just need a little faith.  Joe, Samurai's 24 hours are up.  Gotta go.  (SOLEMN MUSIC)    Come get me.    (INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)  I don't see The Flash.  I'm afraid you're gonna have to make do with us.  (SWORDS WHOOSH) (GUNS CLICKING)  (TENSE MUSIC)    Iris! Hold your fire.  You want The Flash? Take me.  Why?  Because he'll come for me.  And how  do you know this?  I believe.  (TENSE STRING MUSIC)  (WHOOSHES)  Iris!  Hey! Samurai's got Iris.   She gave herself up to him.  What?  Why would she do that?    How do we get her back?  (PANTING)  Barry! Iris is in trouble. She needs your help.  I doubt restraint is how you got to be  the man you are today, play, way, no way!  Highway, byway!  Please, son. Please!  I wanna help you with all this, and I will,  but right now she needs our help,  or she's gonna die.  Barry, did you hear what I said? Iris is gonna die!    (ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)   (WHOOSHES)  (GLASS SHATTERS)  (GRUNTS)  (WHOOSHES)  Barry's gone.  You know what else is gone?  The new suit.  (WHOOSHES)  What's happening?   (FISTS DRUM ROLL)  The Flash is back!  (WHOOSHES)    Do you see how fast he's running?   I've never gone that fast.  No one has.    (GASPS)  Where is this Samurai taking Iris?  They're already way past Danville,  and the only thing out there is the flatlands and  And what?  (DISCORDANT STRING MUSIC)  (WINDMILLS WHOOSHING)  (TENSE MUSIC)    (WHOOSHING)    (SCREAMS)    (LOUD THUD)  (CRASHING, CREAKING)    (SCREEN BEEPING RAPIDLY)  Come on, Barry, catch her.  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)    (RIPS)  (SLOW STIRRING MUSIC)    (THUDS)    (BOTH PANTING)    (GRUNTS) (ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)  (VOICE MODULATING) The Flash,  welcome home.  Barry    You came back to me.    Always.    Pupily are equally reactive to light.  I mean, your vitals are amazing.  You're in perfect health, even for you.  I I'd like a urine sample, just to confirm,  but everything looks great.   Man, you love urine.  (CHUCKLES)  You love the the testing of urine.  The testing of the urine. You know what I meant.  Why do you have to ruin science?  It's good to have you back.   Right back at ya.  (CHUCKLES)  It's good to have you back.   How you feeling?  I feel great.  Yeah, I feel incredible.  I don't know, it feels like I've been reborn.   Mm.  Well, okay, speedy Jesus.   (CHUCKLES)  Seriously, though.  I mean, it hurts me to admit it,  but you may be the fastest speedster ever.  I mean, you were in the Speed Force for six months.  Maybe you were soaking up its energy?  Maybe.  How was everything while I was gone?  Oh, yeah, it was it was really cool.  Team Kid Flash had everything under control, so  ALL: That's not our name.  But still, we have some mysteries left to solve,  like our flying Samurai robot  (SNAPS) Android Samurai.  (SNAPS) Samuroid. Ohhoho, we back, baby!   (LAUGHS)  Yeah, someone created this,  and it must be for a reason.  Does the phrase, "This house is bitchin'"  mean anything to you?  No?   Should it?  (CHUCKLES) No.  Just know that when you were in your "Beautiful Mind" phase,  you were talking straightup nonsense.  I don't remember any of that.  Last thing I remember was going into the Speed Force with my mom  and then saving Iris.  So how'd you know Iris was in trouble?  (SOFT MUSIC)  I don't know.  Hm.  Well, thanks for bringing me home.  (CHUCKLES) You're very welcome.  Hey, Cisco,  thanks for believing when I couldn't.     We'll see you tomorrow, boss.  Yeah. (CHUCKLES)    I know we left some questions unanswered,  but I have to know,  are we gonna see you tomorrow?  Yeah, you will.    We back, baby.  We back, baby.  (COUNTRY ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)  Well, I woke up late afternoon      Where have you been?  Doesn't matter.  Really?  Tell Amunet I'm out.  You wanna quit, Snow? Doesn't work that way.  You do what Amunet says for as long as she tells you.  Not anymore.  Now leave me alone. (GRUNTS)  (GRUNTS) You don't tell us what to do.  Don't make me frosty. (WHOOSHES)   (BONES BREAK, GLASS SHATTERS)  (GRUNTS)  You wouldn't like me when I'm frosty.  (WHOOSHES, SIZZLES)  What's the matter? Brain freeze?  Touch my hand again, and I'll freeze yours off,  maybe some other parts too.  Tell Amunet I'm done.  Don't let your beer get warm.  (WHOOSHES, ICE CRACKLING)  (ICE CRACKLING)  Time to have some fun.  (GRUNTS, GROANS)  Not yet.  (GROANS)  No, no. No, no, no, no, no.  No, no, no. (GASPS)  Not again.  (BOTH CHUCKLE)  Are you tired? Do you want to get some sleep?  No, I feel like I've been asleep for months.  (CHUCKLES)  I, um I couldn't bring myself to sleep in our bed alone.  (SOFT AMBIENT MUSIC)  I couldn't even look at that.    It's been really hard, Barry.  Hey, well, I'm back,  and I'm never going anywhere ever again.  I tried to keep going,  to keep fighting, to keep running, like you said.  You did.  You kept everyone together.  I'm so proud of you, okay?  Look, it sounds funny,  but maybe this was a blessing.  You being gone for six months was a blessing?  I just I I can't tell you how I feel, Iris.  It's like, everything that was wrong in my life,  the pain of my past, my mistakes,  it's all just washed away,  and all I see is you and us  and our future together.  Iris, it's gonna be great.  (SLOW STRING MUSIC)    (SIRENS BLARING)  (CHUCKLING)  Central City needs The Flash.  I'll be right back, I promise.    (WHOOSHES)    (OMINOUS MUSIC)  (WHIRS, CLICKS)    The Samurai served its purpose.  As in 12th century feudal Japan,  a time when the military class was powerful,  the execution methodical,  like ours.  (SCREEN WHIRS)  Well, it worked.  The Flash is back in Central City.  It appears things are going as planned.  As if there were any doubt.    What's our next step?  (DRAMATIC MUSIC)  I'm thinking
It's a samurai.  Bring me the Flash.  Or else, your city falls.  Barry's still stuck in the Speed Force?  I'm gonna get him out. But I need your help.  electricity crackling, tires screeching  Barry? It's me, Iris.  wailing  Please come back to me.  Barry, Iris is in trouble.  Flash is back!  Flash welcome home.  The Flash is back in Central City.  You came back to me.  I'm never going anywhere ever again.  tense music  Not only is this the most modern,  lavish penthouse on the market, it also has  one of the best views in all of Central City.  Join me on the balcony. See for yourself.  I couldn't care less about the view.  Ah, is it your most expensive listing?  Yes, but the price is negotiable.  I'll take it.  Yes.  elevator dings  Just, uh, let me lock up and I'll ride down with you.  Sorry, not sure which button does what.  Shmuck.  beeping  electricity fizzing  elevator shuddering  Damn it.  Dana? Yeah, listen.  I think I'm in some busted elevator or some  I don't know whoa!  suspenseful music  panting No!    yelps  muffled thuds and screams    grunting, screaming  loud crash  metal creaking  woman shrieks   Bob Seger's "Old Time Rock and Roll"    Just take those old records off the shelf   I'll sit and listen to them by myself   Today's music ain't got the same soul   I like that old time rock and roll   Don't try to take me to a disco   You'll never even get me out on the floor   In ten minutes I'll be late for the door   I like that old time rock and roll   Still like that old time rock and roll     What? Whoa.  laughs No! Huh?   Barry.  Hey.   Hi, you're up early.  Yeah.  Doing what, exactly?  Uh, I'm just catching up on all the TV I missed  while I was stuck in the Speed Force.  When you've been gone six months,  the world is a minefield of spoilers.  But Cisco hooked me up  with the 1,000times sped up version  of my favorite shows.  Aw, Jon Snow died. Oh, he's alive!  Huh.  And here I was thinking you'd need a jump start   for your loopy brain.  Nope.  Brain good. All of me is good.   phone buzzing  Mmm.  Joe needs me. Crime scene.  Oh, that's okay. I should probably get started  on our neglected wedding plans.  It's gonna take me forever  to get through this binder, so  Oh, no. Don't worry about it.  I'm done with it.   You're done?  Yeah.  I locked in a caterer, I got you your favorite flowers,  I put a deposit on a venue with an amazing view,  I got that seven tier raspberry chocolate cake.  Well, I guess you've got everything covered.  So, my lovely fiancÃ©e can remain stressfree.  Save me a bear claw?  Ooh, no promises, speedster.  You whoosh, you lose.  door closes  What do we got, Joe?  Not much to go off.  The only witness was an elderly resident, and   she's still pretty rattled.  Hey.   Mr. Allen.  Hi.  Six months and five minutes late.  laughs Sorry, Captain Singh.  Thank you again for granting me that extended sabbatical.  But I'm back, I'm ready to work,  and what can I say It's a beautiful day.  Sorry. What are we dealing with?  Well, I hope you had a light breakfast.  No, I had a good spread actually.  Pancakes, sausage, fruity cereal  Whoa.  He's everywhere.  As far as we can tell,  it dropped him a hundred stories.  Were you able to ID the vic?  Yeah. Kurt Weaver.  Worth billions. Capital B.  What do you think, Mr. Allen?  You see the impacts on the ceiling?  And the repeated lateral stress fissures on the frame?  This guy didn't just drop. He was  shaken to death.  Excuse me. Coming through.  CCPD Tech Consultant. That's right.  Look at the badge. That means it's official.  He's aware that badge is plastic, right?  Fellas, so sorry I'm late.  The curls were not cooperating this morning.  Oh, good Lord. Why would you show me that?  We think this is because of some weird technical glitch,  and you're our weird tech expert.  This completely ruins Sriracha for me.  sighs   Yoink.  digital beeping  That shouldn't be there.  What is it?  It's encrypted code.  This wasn't a glitch. This was a hacker.  solemn music  USB clicking, digital beeping    The Cortex's quantum algorithm  should decrypt this code in no time.  That should help us ID our new hacker.  But while we wait,  I got a little welcome back gift for you.  Come, come. Walk with ya boy.  Gather round, class.    Kablam!  I mean, that was cool Reveal and everything,  but I've seen that suit.   I've actually already worn it.  Yeah.  We all know you gave Barry's suit  a nice little fancy makeover.  Yeah, but you don't know what you don't know.  And underneath all thisthed beautiful,  I've built in selfrepairing armor,  nanoliquid circuitry, fullspectrum scanning,  and a whole bunch of other big words.  Chief among them.  tablet beeping  suit whirrs  Your very own custommade HUD.  This thing is loaded with maps, schematics, delivery menus.  You know that Thai place you like so much?  Yeah, love the Pad See Ew.  You know how we Pad See do.  Dude, this is awesome. What else does it do?  Well, lucky for you,  I even wrote you an instruction manual.  Yay.  Come on. We're not cavemen.  Really good work.  I know!  I'll look at this later.  Um, I gotta get back to CCPD.  And you can blame this on Cisco,  but I'm thinking Thai tonight?  Ooh honestly, babe, I'll probably be too tired  to eat out after our evening training session, so  I cancelled that. Yeah, don't worry about that.  You cancelled it?  Yeah, I mean, I don't think we need it, right?  Besides, I'm back. I'll make a reservation, okay?  Muah.  Must be so nice having Barry back.  Yeah. Yes, it is.  But  Well, I mean, it's just gonna take some time for him  to get used to the new dynamics around here, that's all.  Yeah. laughs  You know, when Ronnie and I went from just working together  to working together and dating,  we had some trouble communicating.  Oh, I mean, Barry and I communicate just fine.  Yeah, I'm just saying, we actually went  to couples therapy and it really helped a lot.  I appreciate the advice, Caitlin really, I do.  But, you know, Barry and I  have known each other since childhood.  You know? We don't need therapy.  I mean  we're Barry and Iris, right? laughs  Right.  Thanks, though, I mean, you know, I don't have  anything against it, it's just  You're Barry and Iris. Gotcha.  weak laugh  alarm blaring  Unauthorized breach incoming. We gotta move.  Don't change, don't change, don't change, don't change  Caitlin, let's go.  suspenseful music    You ready?  gun charges  For anything.  Hey, hey. Whoa, whoa, whoa!  Hold your fire!    Hey.  Hey, you wanna give me a little more notice next time?  You know, people who wanna kill us come through here, right?  Oh. My bad, guys.  Cisco, that was very heroic of you to just jump in  and protecting Gypsy like that. It's pretty impressive.  Dude, I'm protecting you from her.  She would've vaporized you guys.  scoffs  He's not lying.  As you were.  Okay.  So, you almost ready for our date?  Uh, yeah, almost. Um  I hit a snag in trying to decrypt this hacker code  for the CCPD I mean, you know how we do, and just,  kind of, like, the matrix You care about none of this.  Just give me, like, one hour. Two tops.  And then snaps fingers  It's you and me. Promise.  You're lucky you are so cute.  And you are amazing.  Yeah.  And you're so right about that cute thing too.  Huh.  laughs BRB.  Okay.  energetic pop music playing    heavy metal music  toggling between pop and heavy metal music  pop music  music fizzles out  tires screech  dramatic music    tires screeching  engine roaring  horns honking    Guys? There's a car going 120 swerving between lanes.  Somebody's gonna get killed.  You both need to get out there.  That's one car. I got it.  Yeah, but I    Help! Help!    muffled screaming  Okay, guys, it's a runaway. Driver's trapped inside.  I'm gonna change his trajectory.  Okay, then turn him left.  There's a turnoff for runaway trucks coming up.  Just clear a path and the car will come to a safe stop there.  No, no, no. I'm gonna push him right.  That street's empty. I can help him there.  tires screeching  Barry, you can't go down that road.   What? Why?  Because they started construction  on that street three months ago.  tires screeching  No, no, no, no, no, no.  jackhammer rattling  men shouting    screaming  tools clanking  screaming    sighs  I know a guy almost died,  but what happened to this sexy beast here today   is the real tragedy.  Mmhmm.  That could've been a lot worse.  I'm sorry, guys. This one is all on me.  Okay, so my dad talked to the driver, Tim Kwon.  He's fine. He's gonna question him  and see if they can figure out who did this.  Cisco? What do we got?  Beginning autotopsy. Now.  That is the same weird code from the elevator murder scene.   Wait, doesn't that mean  Our hacker's got a hit list.  Wa can you crack it?  Man, I've been trying to crack this code all day.  It looks like a virus.  Well, yeah, because it's a computer virus.  No, no, no. Scooch.  Oh. I feel violated.  digital beeping  It looks like an organic virus.  But with a digital subbase.  Our killer isn't just hacking machines.  He's controlling them.  Our hacker's not a hacker.  He's a meta.  Is there any connection between the two victims?  There's nothing online.  But their names Weaver, Kwon They sound very familiar to me.  I started collecting these tech magazines in high school.   They were like  Those are the magazines  you collected in high school?  laughing Okay. That's that's hurtful.  That's really hurtful. Anyway.  I'm 90% sure that's where I read those names.  Okay, great. Start digging.  Barry, can I talk to you for a second?  Mmhmm.  Hey, about what happened I am sorry.  I should've listened to you, it's just,  sometimes when I'm out there, things move so fast  and I'm really excited to be the Flash again.  Anyway, I hope you're not mad.  And you are. You're mad, aren't you?  No, no. I'm not mad.  I just think with With us being engaged  and now we're working together,  that it's more important than ever that we communicate.  I completely agree.  Good, because Caitlin mentioned something earlier  and I sort of dismissed it, but now I'm  I'm really thinking that it could help us.  What is it?  Couples therapy.  Couples therapy?   Mmhmm.  You  We're not, like, in trouble, are we?  No, no. No, of course not.  I just think that any couple  that's doing everything we're doing could  use some advice.  Mmhmm.  We're just talking about a tune up, I mean, there's  There's nothing wrong with that, right?  A tune up? Right, yeah, no, I mean,  if it's sure, if it's what you wanna do,   then sure, yeah, let's try it.  Great.  'Cause we've got an appointment in 30 minutes.  I'll get my purse.  What?  inquisitive music    whispers Later.  door opens   Hi. Iris?  Hi.   Barry?  Hello.  Hi, I'm Doctor Sharon Finkel.  I am so sorry I kept you waiting.  Oh, no, no. It's fine.  Thank you for squeezing us in.  Oh, well, you made it sound so urgent on the phone.  nervous laughter No.  No, not urgent.  I'm excited to dive in.  Right?  Oh, absolutely. I love therapy.  Oh. Have you been before?  Just once, when I was a kid,  after my mom died.  Oh, your mom. Oh.  pen clicks  But I'm okay with that.  I mean, I'm not okay with it, obviously.  I mean, I'd prefer that she was alive.  I just meant that I've already dealt with it is  I don't think it's worth writing down.  These notes are just for me.  No one is judging you guys.  Yes, we know. laughs  Oh, my dad died too. sheepish laugh  Just for your notes. mutters  So, Barry, Iris filled me in a little bit  about the two of you on the phone before.   Getting married?  Yeah. giggles  Yeah, it's been a long road getting here.   Mmhmm.  First, um  us growing up together, and then, um,  I was engaged to someone else.  Oh, okay.  That's worth a writedown?  He's actually dead too. sheepish laugh  Oh, you two have had to deal with a lot of trauma.   Well  No, not a   Eddie and Ronnie.  I mean, a little.   My mom. H.R.  Not too much.   Laurel.  Some.   Snart.  mutters We've been   to a few funerals.  Yeah.  So, Barry,  why do you think Iris wanted you two to see me tmeay?  Well, Iris and I  We recently started working together.  You see, I went away for a while on a, uh   A business trip.  Business trip.  For six months and y Um, I guess now yeah.  We're just learning to get back in sync,  to sync up again.   Is that right?  Mmhmm.  Well, there's no right or wrong, Barry.  Right.  I think we could work on listening a little bit more.   Right?  Uhhuh, yeah.  Um, or else, someone could get really hurt.  You know, like, if they crashed their car  into a brick wall going 100 miles per hour.  nervous laugh She means that emotionally.  mutters Do I?  Hello, mamacita.  They don't make them like you anymore.  What the hell?  Easy, it's just the Motherboard of the Month,  July of '07, okay? Look at her. growls  Kinda wish it was a girl.  Baby, it's been hours.  You guys haven't made any progress yet?  No mention of Kurt Weaver or Tim Kwon  or any connection between the two of them.  Until now. Got him.  Take note, people, it's only hoarding if it doesn't pay off.  Okay, so that's Tim Kwon.  That's Kurt Weaver. That's Sheila Agnani.  Who's that guy?  Ooh, sorry about that.  No, it's definitely my fault.  ominous music    robot whirrs    You don't have any idea who would wanna do you harm?  Not even a gut feeling?  No, I mean, everyone loves a billionaire, right?  No, I have no idea.  robot whirring  Grenade! Everybody move!  people shouting    So, what would you say your goals are for this session?  Uh, well, I just want to know that Barry hears my concerns  about our issues with miscommunication.  Uh, I gotta go.  You gotta go?  He's gotta go.   Yeah sorry, um  Mm.  This was sorry.  You're gonna write down that he ran out of here, aren't you?  Yes.    whirring  clattering  Get down!  heroic music    both grunting, panting  Everybody okay?  I don't know. Must've been a dud.  Same corrupted code. Same guy.  Someone very creatively  tried to kill Tim Kwon and Kurt Weaver.  Where's Kwon now?  He ran out of here scared out of his mind.  He wouldn't even wait for a protected escort.  But the good news is,  I found a connection between our victims.  Four years ago, Kurt Weaver and Tim Kwon created an app  in their garage with two other programmers.  Some kind of malware called Kilgore.  And then they sold it off to a big tech company.  So that's how they made their money.  I saw this guy. He was here.  Ramsey Deacon. Looks like we found our meta.  And for some reason he's going after his old partners.  It's like "Silicon Valley" if Richard went nuts  and started killing everyone at Pied Piper.  I feel like he's got more of a anarchist Gilfoyle vibe.  Erlich, maybe.  Look, guys, I love that we are so confident  in our ability to apprehend villains  that we can have this debate, but, hi.   What about her?  That's Sheila Agnani.  She's, like, a big deal tech guru now.  She could be next on Deacon's list.  We'll definitely have to protect her.  Yeah, well, my dad and Wally can do that, right?   I'm on it.  Great.  I'll keep working on the code.   Sure.  Sorry about therapy.  Oh, it's okay. I told Dr. Finkel  that you had a work emergency.  True. Kind of.  Yeah, and she had a cancellation this afternoon,  so we should get over there.   Don't wanna be late.  No yeah.  muttering Let's get back in there  This guy is a living computer virus.   That's a new one.  Look at this code.  From the elevator, to the car,  to the bomb robot, this code keeps changing  grumbles But I can't figure out why.  Okay, we have to remember that it's not just digital.  It's biodigital.  Most organic viruses mutate to avoid being killed.  So, if we managed to create digital antibodies,  then we can shut this guy down.   Oh, nice one!  Mmm.   Hi.  Hi.  sheepish laugh I'm so glad you're here,  'cause I truly, deeply, from the bottom of my heart  I am sorry, but I'm gonna have to cancel our date.  If you're gonna vibe blast me, can I at least pick the spot?  It's fine, Cisco.   I get it.  You get it?  Yeah, what's not to get? You have to work, so  we will cancel our date.  Well, good luck, you guys. I hope it works out.  quirky music    What a cool chick.  laughs She took that so well.  No. No, she didn't.  When a girl says she gets it,  what she really means is she doesn't get it at all.  I'm confused.  Don't be. Very simple.  You, my friend, are in so much trouble.  You just had to fall for the girl  in headtotoe black leather, didn't you?  We're back.  That was quick, even for me.  both laugh softly   mutters  Inside joke so, yes.  Work emergency aside,  I have a sneaking suspicion  that you'd rather be somewhere else, Barry.  No, no. I um  I mean, we do have a  big work thing that we're dealing with.  It's important.  Yeah, but so is this.  You know, if we're not on the same page, Barry,  people could die.   Uh  Metaphorically.  No. No, no.  Don't hold back.  Turn to Iris, look her in the eyes,  and tell her what you wanted to say.  I don't know Uh, well  I  I said I was sorry about this morning.  sighs  Iris.  Turn to Barry. Talk to him.  It's not just this morning, Barry.  You cancelled training  the other day without asking me.  Training?   Swimming.  For a marathon.   It's a triathlon.  Mmhmm.  Anyway, I didn't think cancelling training  was that big of a deal.  Yeah, but you made all those wedding plans too  and you didn't consult me.  I was trying to be a good fiancÃ©.  Yeah, but I'd think most brides would be happy  that their future spouse cared about helping with the wedding.  That is a good thing, right?  Look, I don't know. I mean, I guess  our wires have gotten crossed a few times the last few days,  but I think that hardly rises to the level of a crisis.  After everything we've been through together,  you and me, we're Barry and Iris.  We're the gold standard.   I am so in love  Then how could you leave me?  solemn music  You left me, Barry. You just left me.  Standing there, alone.    How could you do that?    energetic punk music playing    All the listening devices are in place.  Keep your ears open.  Gotta make sure she's safe.  punk music playing   Yeah.  laughs  What? I like punk music.  knocking  Tim? What the hell, man?  You can't just come into my house.  'Cause you wouldn't return my calls. I really need  Is this about your weird crush? Let it go, Tim.   We are not happening.  Sheila, listen.  Deacon's coming for us.  He wants payback for what we did to him.  What did we do to him?  Kurt scrubbed any connection between us from the net,  so as far as the world's concerned, we're innocent.  But we're not.  I should've never let you talk me  into going along with this.  And now Kurt's dead.  Deacon killed him.  He did not.  Oh, yes. He did.  ominous music    punk music playing  Oh, this is a nice house.  How much do you pay for it? 10 mil?  Let's talk about this. We can make it right.  Shut up, Tim.  You could've had all this too.  This is could've been yours.  Kilgore was my idea.  And you three stole it away from me.  Somebody had to.  Otherwise, it would've just been a halfway clever idea  that died in someone's garage.  Sheila.  No, I'm not going to apologize  because after four years,  you finally found some balls.  I found something else.  Something I never had with my family,  or at MIT, or with any of you.  Really? And what was that?  Power.  mechanical whirring  Oh, you're not still diabetic, are you?    gasping  Those new computercontrolled insulin pumps   are a real life saver.  wheezing  Way too much insulin Well, that can be lethal.  wheezing  How should we kill you?  gasping for breath  digital beeping  strenuous wheezing  wheezing  He put her in insulin shock.    Glucose.  wheezing    breathing stabilizes  gasping Deacon took him.  He took Tim.  No sign of Deacon or Kwon on facial recognition,  traffic cameras nothing.  We don't even know if Kwon's still alive.  We gotta move fast.  Where were you two?   Dry cleaners.  Wedding cleaners.  Dry cleaners.  Um, Cisco?  Uh, where are you with those biodigital antibodies?  I'm nowhere.  Actually, no You know what?  I am somewhere. I'm in the doghouse.  Apparently the pandimensional doghouse.  I don't know if this doghouse  has a door or window, but if it did,  I'd be jumping out of it!  It's okay. I'll go talk to him.  light music    Has everybody lost their minds?  laughing  She must think I'm blowing her off.  But I'm just trying to do my job.  I guess the word "reschedule" doesn't exist on Earth 19.  Okay, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and guess that  the reason you can't focus on the science is because  you're so worried about what's going on with Gypsy.  I'm sorry, I didn't hear anything you said.  But II think I figured it out.  I think I can't focus on anything  'cause of this whole Gypsy situation.  I'm I think I'm just gonna have to talk to her.  What a great idea.  Hey.  What's up, Cisco?  You're mad at me.  I said it was fine.  No, no, no.  Rule number one, when a girl says it's fine, it's not fine.  Amen!  I'm gonna go.  Rule number two, you don't blow off a date  with your favorite person.  The day got away from me. Let me make it up to you, okay?  Date night tomorrow?  No, Cisco. It it had to be today.  Why today?  Because today is OneOneOne Day.  Onewhatwhatwhat?  It's OneOneOne Day.  What is that?  OneOneOne Day on my Earth is  is the day that you celebrate with the one  with the one you love, all right?  It's when one soul, plus one soul, equals  one soul.  That is so sappy.  Yes, it is sappy.  And it is stupid and schmoopy.  But there is something about you that  It makes me wanna do stupid, schmoopy things.  And I hate the word "schmoop" and people who use it.  Well, that is the sweetest and angriest thing  you've ever said to me.  Why didn't you just tell me that?  Because I was embarrassed, Cisco.  So, you know what? Let's just forget about it.  Because the day is already over and I would really like  to forget that I ever brought this up  No, no, no.  I will not forget it, okay?  You are important to me.  And if OneOneOne Day is important to you  OneOneOne.  laughs That's it.  I gotta go.  stammering It's like he doesn't know  that he's a dead man.  Hey.  I don't know why I thought that we didn't have  to talk about what happened.  You were so happy I was back.  I am happy.  You're everything to me.  Look  I had to explain to our friends and family  why they had a savethedate for our wedding  but no invitation.  I had to constantly lie about why you were gone.  solemn music  You don't know the looks people gave me  because they knew that wasn't the truth.  You know, what they must've thought about us.  What it made me think about us.  Iris  sighs  It's not like I wanted to leave you.  I had to put on a brave face for everyone,  but it was killing me inside.  And I think part of why I didn't talk it through  with you is I was afraid.  I was afraid that you would tell me to stay.  And I wouldn't have been strong enough not to.  Barry, how do you know what I'm gonna say  if you don't ask me?  I am here to help you.  Especially when everything seems lost.  But you have to let me.  But sometimes it's not about us, or the team.  Sometimes the weight of the whole city  falls on my shoulders, and it's up to me to carry it.  I'm the Flash.  See, that's what you don't get.  When I put this ring on my finger,  it wasn't just about you or me anymore.  It was about us.  You are not the Flash, Barry.  We are.   computer beeps  Guys.  We need you. It's about Deacon.  sighs  I have something to confess.  Kurt Weaver, Sheila Agnani, and I  We stole the Kilgore malware program from Ramsey Deacon.  We sold it for billions.  But it was all his idea.  We got rich. And he got nothing.  I guess that explains why Deacon's got such a vendetta.  Cisco, if he's livestreaming, can you track the signal?  In, like, two seconds.  Papa loves having his own satellite.  What are you gonna do when you find him?   Hit him with this.  What is that?  Deacon's powers are derived  from the binary code in his DNA.  So, we created a compound encoded  with a numerical string pattern of ones and zeros  to invert the order of the code.  Ones become zeros, and vice versa.  One plus one plus one.  All right, we're on it.  Send us the location once you have it.   Okay.  Let's do it.  tense music  And now you know the truth.  We stole Kilgore from Ramsey Deacon.  He is the real victim.  Good.  You forgot one thing.  What?  You didn't say goodbye to anyone who's gonna miss you.    You ever play wishbone, Tim?  screaming  metal clanking  He and the others destroyed my life!  Listen, I know you feel wronged, Deacon,  but that doesn't give you a right to take his life.  I smell technology in your suit.  What have you got in there?  Oh, crap.  mechanical whirring  gasping  I can't move.  Weapon system online.  Targeting.   beeping  Run.  groaning  gasping  Call me Kilgore.  Barry? What's happening?  It's Deacon, he's done something with my suit.  Remote access complete.  You put your voice in Barry's suit?  Well, it had to be somebody  and my voice is soothing.  How much tech did you put in this suit?  So much.  I've actually always been a huge Flash fan  these past couple of years.  But this is like having a giant action figure.  grunts  computer beeping  Frack me, he's locked me out of my own programming.  Do something.  Uh Barry, get away from him.  It might lessen his technopathic hold over you.  I can't!  Who are you talking to?  Someone listening in?  Can't have that.  Barry? Barry.  His comms are offline.  You have a defibrillator.  How about I stop your heart?  panting  whooshing  suspenseful music  electricity crackling  groaning    panting  phone ringing  Hello?  You have a collect call from  Guys, help me!  We accept the charges.  The suit's still freaking out.  Well, get it off!  suit buzzing  Nope Yeah, I can't get it off.  That would be the deadlock function.  I built it in case he ever got knocked out  so a bad guy wouldn't reveal his identity.  It seemed like a smart idea at the time.  Flotation mode activated.  What? yelps  What the hell does he need a raft for, Cisco?  He runs on water.  He might lose his speed out there.  What's he gonna do then? He might drown.  You couldn't just put an oxygen tank in the suit?  That's a good idea.  gasps  How is this thing still intact?  Cisco!  Babel Protocol activated.  What?  stammers What's Babel Protocol?  Why am I ticking?  It's the selfdestruct sequence.   What?  Selfdestruct?  II'm sorry, have we not faced  an evil version of Barry before?  My mistake!  Well, how do I stop it?   suit beeping  Hell no.  dramatic music  panting  Oh, God.  Cisco, there must be something we can do.  Not as long as this thing's powered up.  digital beeping  Come on, come on!  Barry? Can you hear me?  Iris!  I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry.  Just tell me what to do, and I'll do it.  You need to throw a lightning bolt.  At what?  Yourself.  panting  You want him to do what?  It might short the suit out, give him back control.  Or it might set off the selfdestruct early.  Or it might stop his heart.  Barry?  Barry, you need to listen to me, okay?  We can do this.  softly Okay.  No, I trust you, Iris.  Then run, Barry.  Run.  dramatic music    computer beeping    electricity crackling  glass shattering    Barry?    Oh, Tim.  I know I have the coolest superpower ever, but  I'm kinda tired.    screams  panting    bluesy music    Hello, gorgeous.  Here on Earth 1, we celebrate OneOneOne Day today,  even though I have zero idea what that means,  or what any of your Earth's holidays mean.  I mean, I literally cannot believe you celebrate  a day called Saint Shaquille O'Neal's Day.  You guys have a magical elfling in a red suit  that breaks into your house and eats your cookies.  Mm, actually, he's the boss of the elves,  so, like, maybe do your research before.  Ah.  What I do know is how special you are to me.  And how sorry I am  that I didn't get to spend yesterday with you.  Well, I guess you were busy catching a deranged killer.  Baby, we are always catching a deranged killer around here.  True.  laughs softly  I will always make it up to you.  I mean that.  You just gotta let me know when it's this important.  I will.  All right, then.   Ready to get your schmoopy on?  Mmhmm.  'Cause, you know, my schmoopy game is real strong.  Oh.  doors slamming  This is cruel and unusual.  How will I survive in here without my Kindle?  You ain't touching anything electronic ever again.  There's three layers of signaldampening walls  between you and the world.  No wiring. Not even a lightbulb.  There's technology everywhere these days.  That's fine, we just have one question for you.  That particle accelerator explosion four years ago  You were living in Silicon Valley.  So, if you weren't here that night,  how did you get your powers?  laughing Oh, wow.  Oh, you're not gonna believe it.  It really was something, though.  A real life changer.  And do you two wanna know the best part?  I wasn't the only one.  So, good luck, gentlemen.  Think Central City's about to have its hands full.  tense music    Thank you for letting us see the prisoner, Warden Wolfe.  Oh, my pleasure. Did you get what you needed?   We think so.  Well, not to worry.  This socalled Kilgore isn't going anywhere.  We'll take good care of him.  How is it possible that Deacon's a meta  if he didn't get his powers  from Wells' particle accelerator blowing up?  However it happened, we will figure it out,  and we will be ready.  After Cisco gets all that tech out of your suit.  You don't need fancy gadgets to be the Flash.   You are the Flash.  No.   We are.  Hm.  Did I miss something?    soft piano music    Ah, one of my childhood favorites.  Schubert's "Unfinished Eighth Symphony."  Unfinished until now.  You didn't.  It was surprisingly simple to extrapolate  the remaining movements once I familiarized myself  with the body of his work.  All 600 of his works?  I woke up early this morning.  chair whirring  Do you have an update?  Subject One has been located.  He's safe.  Locked up in the metahuman wing  at Iron Heights as we speak.  He's right where you wanted him.  What do we do now?  Now we find the others.My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. When I was a child, I saw my mother killed by something impossible. My father went to prison for her murder. Then an accident made me the impossible. To the outside world, I am an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, I use my speed to fight crime and find others like me. And one day, I'll find who killed my mother and get justice for my father. That day is today. What? No Big Belly Burger? It's one of the few perks of living in this time. We're out of cows where I come from. You don't care about that. You have questions. Go ahead. Not sure where to start Thawne. That is your real name Eobard Thawne.  Since the day I was born.  And when was that? That's not what you want to know. Go ahead, Barry. Ask it. Why did you kill my mother? Because I hate you. Not you now. You years from now.  In the future.  In a future. Yes. We're enemies, rivals, opposites, reverses of one another. Why? Whwhy were we enemies? It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter anymore. What matters is that neither of us was strong enough to defeat the other. Until I learned your secret. I learned your name. Barry Allen. And finally, I knew how to defeat you once and for all. Travel back in time, kill you as a child. Wipe you from the face of the earth. But then you, future you, that is, followed me back, and we fought. We both landed some pretty solid shots. And then you, future you, got your younger self out of there. I was so mad. But then I thought what if you were to suffer a tragedy? What if you were to suffer something so horrible, so traumatic that your child self could never recover? Then you would not become The Flash. And so I stabbed your mother in the heart, and I was free. Finally able to return to a future without The Flash, only to realize that in traveling back I'd lost my way home. Lost my ability to harness the speed force. And without it, I was stuck here. Stranded in this time, unable to return to my own. And the only way back was The Flash. But The Flash was gone, and so I created him. Why train me? Why help me save so many people? Because I needed you to get fast. Fast enough to rupture the spacetime barrier and create a stable wormhole through which I could return home. Why would I ever do that? Because Barry Allen, if you give me what I want, I'm gonna give you what you want. You can go back and save your mother. You can prevent your father from going to prison. You can reunite the Allen family. No. No, I don't believe you. I want to kill you right now. I know that rage. I used to feel that rage every time I looked upon you. And now, somehow, I know what Joe and Henry feel when they look on you with pride. With love. No. No. Don't you ever say that to me! I know you're upset, but I'm giving you a chance. I'm giving you a chance to undo all the evil I've done. Don't you want that chance? The rare opportunity to go back in time and right a wrong and save your mother's life quite the paradox Harrison has presented you with, Mr. Allen. The chance to be with someone you love? Seems pretty cut and dry to me. At first blush, Dr. Snow, it would appear so, but this gift has unparalleled risk. Barry, the night your mother died, the night you saved yourself from being killed, that event altered the timeline you were already on and changed the course of history. So what you're saying is we're living in a parallel universe? Just like when I time traveled before. But he he only changed one day that time. Exactly. Now imagine 15 years of compounded experiences. One different decision, no matter how big or small, impacts everything that follows. Moments upon moments, choices upon choices. No relationships, nothing would be as it is today, and you'd never know the difference because you'd never remember any of it. So if I go back and save my mom, my dad doesn't go to prison. I never live with Joe and Iris. You might never meet me. Or Caitlin or Ronnie. Truth is, there's no real way of knowing what your life will be. There's no choice here, Barry. You have to do this. You gotta change the past. Joe? So what what, that's it? You think I should just do it? Yeah, I do. Which means I will never come to live with you, and you're okay with that? Barry, you get the chance to grow up with both parents. You don't have to grow up without a mother. What about growing up without a father? You will have a father your real father. Wells has messed with our lives long enough. This is why you became The Flash, Barry. To put things right. You saved a lot of people's lives this past year. Now it's time to save yours. Dad, look. I know this sounds crazy. I think we're way past crazy, slugger. Look, you're fast, I get it. But turning back time No, I wouldn't be turning time back. I would be going back to that night to save her. And what does Joe think about all this? He thinks I should do it. No. You can't. Dad I can make it so that night will never have happened. We'll be a family again. We are a family. Not like this. Not without Mom. Barry, there's a natural order to things, okay? Things happen the way they do. We may not know why at the time, but there must always be a reason. Now, I believe that. I've had to believe it. I I can save Mom. At what cost? You said time would change. What if it changes you?  I don't care.  I do. I am in awe of the remarkable man that you are becoming all the things you've achieved, and not just as The Flash, but you, Barry. Your honesty. Your heart. You were always a hero. And your mom would be just as proud. And if she had a say in this, if she thought for one second that you going back to save her would mean you losing what makes you so special, she would never want that. Barry, what I hope for you, maybe the greatest thing that a father can hope for his son is that one day, you will become a father yourself. And then you will know How much I truly love you. I don't even know what that word means anymore. Me neither. I know Barry really appreciates you coming back to help him stop Wells. That's not the only reason I'm back, Cait. I'm here now. For good. But I thought I thought too I thought too much about what might happen if the government tracked us down. If we couldn't control our powers and we hurt someone. If we hurt you. But I realized that although sometimes I'm more than one man, I'm not whole unless I'm with you. I love you, Cait.  Are you sure?  I am. Once upon a time and a Particle Accelerator or so ago, you agreed to marry me. Yes, I did. What do you say we do that? Thought I might find you here. I needed to get out of the lab. I thought this would be a good place to think. Oh, it is. Trust me. I've done a lot of thinking up here. When I wasn't having clandestine meetings with the mysterious "streak." Yeah, not mad we lost that name. Hey, I thought that had pizzazz.  No.  Uhuh. So are you gonna do it? It's just so huge. It's the biggest decision of my life, and if I'm wrong, I can't undo it. Why would you want to? I mean, you'd get to see your mom again, your dad, have a great career, even get married. Iris WestAllen, huh? I never really thought of myself as a hyphenator. Must be a 2024 thing. We don't know that that's gonna happen. Do you think that because you didn't live with us, that's why things are different there? Growing up together and knowing so much about each other it made it hard for me to admit how I felt about you. And I waited too long, and you fell in love with Eddie. But living with you and Joe I've had a great life, Iris. Come here, Barry. What do you think I should do? I need someone to tell me. I think that for once in your life, Barry Allen, you should stop thinking about other people. I think you should do what's in your heart. Do what you need to do for yourself. Ah! Well, if it makes you feel any better, it took you a whole hour longer to decide than I thought it would. So how does this work? Your grand plan? Well, it's really not that grand at all, Barry. In fact, it's rather simple. We use the Particle Accelerator. The Particle Accelerator. The last time that happened, you caused an explosion that hurt a lot of people. This time, the accelerator will operate exactly the way it was designed to. Except, instead of two particles moving in opposite directions, colliding at the speed of light in the inner ring, we're only going to inject one particle into the accelerator. And I'm what it collides with. And if you can go fast enough, Barry, if you can hit that particle with enough speed, you will punch a hole right though the fabric of reality. And you will create a portal connecting this time to infinite times. A wormhole. Through which one might travel back to the past, say, to the night your mother died or forward to the future, to, say, my time. You said if I run fast enough. What happens if I don't? If you don't achieve the desired velocity, Barry, you'll die. According to Wells' calculations, Barry superspeeds inside the accelerator ring. Once Barry reaches optimum speed, we then launch a hydrogen proton into the accelerator. Once the collision happens, a wormhole forms, opening a gateway into time itself. It's at that moment I plan on shouting something along the lines of "Eureka" or possibly "Excelsior." I'm uncommitted. What do you think? I mean, on the one hand, it does make a kind of sense. On the other hand, why? Why, why would you ever consider doing this? You know why. So, for this to actually work, how fast would Barry have to go? By my estimates, Mach Two at a minimum. You've never gone that fast. So what happens if Barry doesn't reach that speed? I mean, I'm imagining a bug hitting a windshield. How far off am I? Not very far, I'm afraid. Let me worry about how fast I have to go. We're gonna need something else too. Really? And what's that? 'Cause I don't know about you guys, but I'm not at all interested in helping you get yourself killed. I need you to build a time machine. Go on. So, if Wells is as fast as you, what's he need a time machine for? Apparently he lost his speed when he killed my mom. He gets it back sometimes but only in spurts. He can't fully control it. So I was right about the wheelchair. He was using it to charge himself. So after I open the wormhole, he's gonna need the ship to travel back to the future. He's been squirreling away the parts. Now we just need to put it together. Ronnie, I love you, but this is a time machine, not a bookcase from IKEA. We got a problem. These tiles they're made of tungsten. Well, tungsten does have the highest melting point of any other element. Yeah, but the dust it generates is flammable. The pressure exerted from the wormhole Yeah. Yeah. It could cause a hole to be melted into the exterior. It could explode. Any ideas? Let me ask Dr. Evil. Which used to be a name that made me smile. Something on your mind, Cisco? No. Yes. How did you fit your ReverseFlash suit into that little ring? Is it some sort of compressed micro tech? Or actually, forget it. I don't care. Maybe a little. Ronnie's right. I should have accounted for the temporal shearing. Glad we're still good for something. I never underestimated your contribution, Cisco. Or Ronnie's. Matter of fact, do you know how many times I wished you were there with me as I rebuilt the accelerator? It would have been a lot more fun. Yeah? Well, doesn't change the fact that your nifty little Time Sphere Is that what you're calling it? Whatever it's called. It's gonna blow. Not if you cement the tiles with a cobalt resin. That'll prevent degradation in conditions of extreme heat. Okay. Fine. We'll try that. That's it? That's all? Well, what do you want me to say? I don't know, Cisco. I thought that of anyone, you'd be a little more understanding of my predicament. I don't belong here. These barbaric times. It's like living amongst the dead. Is that what you told yourself? When you killed me? What? What did you say? It was an alternate timeline. One that Barry reset. But I never forgot it. It just kept coming back to me. And I can still picture the way you looked at me when you called me a son and you crushed my heart with your fist. Cisco I'm sorry. Yeah. It sucked. Not for killing you. I'm sure I had a good reason. I'm sorry for the fact that you're able to retain traces of another timeline. You're able to see through the vibrations of the universe. It means I wasn't sure until just now. Sure of what? The night the Particle Accelerator exploded You were affected too. What are you talking about? No. I wasn't. Don't be afraid, Cisco. A great and honorable destiny awaits you now. I only hope that as you're living your great adventure, that you remember who gave you that life. And that it was given out of love. I'm sorry, but I'm told this is the only station with enough power to run these calculations. If we make the slightest error creating the wormhole Say no more. Joe told me to stick around in case I was needed, but it seems I'm only in the way. Everyone has a contribution to make. Perhaps you just haven't discovered yours yet. No, Dr. Wells made it pretty clear when he told me about the future. I don't matter. As far as history's concerned, I don't save the day or get the girl. And you believed him? He had a newspaper from the year 2024. And I have a mug that says "World's Best Boss." I doubt my teaching assistant would testify to its authenticity. We're dealing with a lot of big scientific ideas today. But you, Mr. Thawne, might be the most interesting thing here at S.T.A.R. Labs. Me? What are the odds that Dr. Wells would travel back in time and get stuck in the exact same city as his greatgreatgreat greatgrandfather? Working in the same profession, the same building? And that part of his plan to get home would mean that he'd have to preserve and protect your life. That makes you this rare thing that no scientist can plan for. Which is? Coincidence. There is no science to coincidence. You, sir, are an anomaly. A wild card, as it were. You are the only person in this whole story who gets to choose his own future. At least, that's my opinion. Wait, that can't be right. Oh, dear.  We have a problem.  What? The calculations. There is a danger. I know. I'm ready to take the risk. No, not just to you but to everyone. Wells didn't tell us everything. Barry, even if you do reach the right speed, colliding with the hydrogen particle, there is a chance that explosion could create a singularity. What's a singularity? It's a black hole. We could destroy Central City. For starters. If we create a singularity here and then cannot control it, we could be looking at a global catastrophe. So long and thanks for all the fish. Well, sure, there's a bit of a risk. I would hardly refer to possibly causing an extinctionlevel event as "a bit of a risk." Yeah, and your accelerator's been about as reliable as the beater I drove in high school. Let me ask you a question. How many metahumans how many dangers have we faced this year together? Or did you forget that was me fighting alongside each and every one of you? I have been planning this for almost two decades. It will work. And how do we make sure we don't open a black hole in the middle of Central City? So, once the wormhole stabilizes, Barry will have 1 minute and 52 seconds to alter the past and return to this time. If and when he does that, you can close the wormhole, and we can all live happily ever after. Almost two minutes. More than enough time to save Nora. But not enough time to stop you from going home? Everything's a choice. And what if I'm late? You won't be. I believe in you, Barry. Always have. So I guess the question is, do your friends and family believe in you as much as I do? So, if I don't run fast enough to collide with the particle, then I'm dust, and if I do run fast enough but I'm not back here in time, then a black hole will form, swallow up the city and possibly the world. You're sure you still want to look me in the eyes and tell me this is for the best? I'd be lying if I told you I did. Truth is, I don't I don't know what to think. I thought you were the sure one. I was kind of banking on that when I made my decision the first time. I was faking it. Sometimes parents do that. Most of the time, parents do that. Look, of course I'm scared. But I didn't want you to not help your mother because you were worried about me. Well, I'll always worry about you, Joe, just like you'll always worry about me. Sorry, but you can't stop that. Do you think I can do this? You think I can save my mom? I mean, do you think I'm fast enough? Yes. I know you are. You know, I've I've dreamed my whole life about saving her, freeing my dad, and I never thought I'd have to lose another parent to do that. Barry Joe, it's true. It's true. I've always been so focused on everything that I lost that night, but I gained so much too. I was born with one father, and that tragedy gave me another. And I don't think I can lose you. You won't ever lose me. Ever, you hear me? Ever. Wow, slow news day? If they only knew, right? I thought you would be at S.T.A.R. Labs. I was. Then I got hungry, so I went to Mama Chows. For dim sum? Your favorite. And to remind myself of something. What? A coincidence. A pretty big coincidence, actually. About a year and a half ago, I had a date with this girl. Katie Rogers. She was a dancer. We had plans to meet at Mama Chows, but she texted me. She pulled a hamstring and had to cancel. Oh, those fragile dancers. I was bummed 'cause I was looking forward to it. So I had dinner by myself, and I was walking home when I saw a mugger running with a stolen backpack. Your backpack. And I arrested him. That's how you and I met. I remember. Someone just told me how powerful a coincidence can be, and it made me realize how many coincidences had to happen for you and I to get together in this time. We've all been so focused on Barry's destiny, I forgot that I have one too. And it's you. Iris West, every moment of my life led to meeting you. Screw the future. Screw the future. Is this actually binding? My father made me become a rabbi before he would send me to MIT. This will be "legit," as the kids say. No kids say that. Let's not fight on our wedding day. If it's all right with everyone, I'd like to skip all the Hebrew. I've learned a lot about merging one's life with another this past year. Yet, for all the incredible advancements in science we've all been party to, the mystery that brings two people together through love is still the province of magic. Mr. Ramon, the rings please. I owe you a real ring. I don't need one. I have everything and everyone that I could ever need right here. And if all the events of the past year have led us to this moment, it was worth it. I love you, Ronnie. I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. Stop telling me what to do. Okay. There are gonna be three yous back there the you from the future who saved younger you from the ReverseFlash and now you you. Remember, wait until future you gets younger you out of there, and then you can go and save your mom. Piece of cake. May the Speed Force be with you. Goodbye, Dad. Goodbye, Son. Iris You don't have to say anything. I already know. I hope whatever life you get, it's enough for you. That it makes you happy. You too. Remember, Mr. Allen, assuming you achieve the proper velocity and open the wormhole, you will only have 1 minute and 52 seconds to save your mother and return. Or else I know. Well you hold both our futures in your hands now, Mr. Allen. And I know you can do it. Now Run Barry. Run. The accelerator's structural integrity is holding. What was that? Is Barry okay? Yeah. He just passed Mach Two. I was waiting for you to bring Barry home. Looks like he's going to be staying with us for a while. Barry, what you're seeing is the Speed Force: your past, you present, your future all at once. So you need to focus on where you want to go. So think about that night. Think about your mother. Time for bed. Good night, slugger. Mom! It's working. It's working. Inject the hydrogen particle now. What's that? What happened? Barry he's gone.  Look.  The wormhole. And it's stable. Start the clock. Mom! Mom! Barry! Mom! Nora! Hold on! Run, Barry, run! Barry, no! No, no, no! Hey. It's okay. It's okay. You're okay. Please. My husband, my son, are they They're okay. They're both safe. I promise. Who are you? I'm I'm The Flash. I don't understand. You look just like my father. This won't make any sense, but it's me, Mom. It's Barry. Barry? Your Barry. Oh, my beautiful boy. I got a second chance to come back here and Tell you that I'm okay. Dad and I are both okay. And we love you, Mom. I love you. I love you. Oh, my sweet boy. Bye. Goodbye. Goodbye, Barry. Mom. Mom. I believe it's time to say goodbye to Harrison Wells. It's beautiful. Rip Hunter would be impressed. He built the first one of these. Interesting man. Now what the hell is that? That's my cue to leave. Thank you, Cisco. Don't ever come back. Home.  Oh, my God.  Barry. We have to shut down the wormhole quickly! Caitlin! You didn't save her. Why? Why? You could have had the life you wanted. You could have had everything you ever wanted! I already do. Not for long. Cut the internal generators. Ten seconds, hurry. Three, two, one. Ronnie, are you okay? Did you do it? Yes, I turned them all off. They did it. They cut the generator. Just so we're clear, after I kill you, I'm going to kill them. And then I'm going to kill your father. I always win, Flash. Eddie! Oh, my Eddie! What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? No such thing as a coincidence. What's happening? Cisco, help me. Eddie's his ancestor. If Eddie dies, he'll never be born, and He's being erased from existence. No! No! Eddie. Eddie, no, no. Stay with me, okay? Stay. He was wrong, it turns out. I'm a hero after all. You are, Eddie. You are my hero. That's all I ever wanted to be. Your hero. No! I've controlled your life for so long, Barry. How will you get along without me? Guys, that's not good. Professor, I shut down the wormhole.  What's happening?  I don't know. You did close it, but it seems to be reopening. We got to go. You okay? Iris, we have to go. I'm not leaving him. We have to go now, honey. I'm sorry. So that's what we didn't want to happen.  What's it doing?  Feeding. The singularity won't stop, not even after the Earth is gone. I'm afraid the accretion disc has already assembled. What? Diffuse material that's in orbital motion around the singularity. What does that mean? We have to disrupt the motion. Basically it's just like the tornado, only upside down. And bigger. And scarier. Barry, that event has an energy level of at least 6.7 Tera Electron Volts. It cannot be stopped. I have to try. Oh, God. Barry.
What's happening to me? I wasn't the only one affected, was I? We've been searching for other metahumans, like yourself. Don't be afraid, Cisco. You were affected, too. Once upon a time, you agreed to marry me. Yes, I did. What do you say we do that? Harrison Wells is the ReverseFlash.  knife sinking in  You killed my mother! Why? We're enemies, rivals, opposites, reverses of one another. Just tell the police what you did. Get my dad out of prison! You could go back and save your mother. A wormhole, opening the gateway into time itself. I always win, Flash! Eddie! Eddie's his ancestor. If Eddie dies, he'll never be born. He's being erased from existence. The singularity won't stop, not even after the Earth is gone. We have to disrupt the motion. It cannot be stopped! I have to try. dramatic music suspenseful music  He's coming back around!  Yeah, to die! both grunting I swear one of these days I will kill you! grunts groans I was late again, wasn't I? laughs Right on time.  sirens wailing  Whoo! laughs Two down at the same time? Superhero double play, baby!  Didn't do it alone.  You're never alone, Barry. Neither are you, Mrs. Raymond. groans Thank you for not doing that when I was inside you. It happened one time. Let it go. Snart and Rory. You're gonna put a cop like me out of a job. Just trying to help. You do more than help, Barry. You give the people of this city hope. You're the hero, Barry. Congratulations, everyone. A spectacular victory. A milestone, if you will. Mr. Allen, I believe there's nothing left I can teach you. I believe that you're ready to do all of this on your own. quiet beeping My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. When I was a child, I saw my mother killed by something impossible. My father went to prison for her murder. Then an accident made me the impossible, and I became the Flash. I used my powers to find the man responsible for my mother's death. I thought I would finally get justice for my family, but I failed. It's been six months since the Singularity. I'm on my own now. Decided it's better that way. Keeps the people I care about safe. There's only one thing I can do now. I run. How's it going? Hey. Uh, good. How you doing? Good. So, the victim. His name is Al Rothstein. He's a welder here at the nuclear plant. Coworker found him this morning. So, what do you got? Petechiae on his face and the whites of his eyes, and this bruising around his neck  Oh, so he was strangled.  Mmhmm. By someone very strong and very large. Or something? This wasn't Grodd. Oh, thank God.  sighs  Look, I'll let you know when I find more. So this Flash Day thing. I'm hoping you're planning on making an appearance. Ah I haven't decided. Bar, I heard the Mayor's trying to give you the key to the city. Yeah, I don't need an award. You love getting awards. Like all those science trophies you got in high school? Those I deserved. I'll let you know what I find, all right? All right. camera shutter clicks Flash Day is almost here. A special downtown rally to honor the man who saved Central City. It's been six months since the Flash saved Central City from the freak black hole that erupted in the sky. Joe, where are we at with the murder at the nuclear plant? Barry's still analyzing the evidence, but there was definitely something weird. Yeah, which is why I let you have that AntiMetaHuman Task Force. Speaking of which, where's your scientific advisor? Ho, ho, ho! Fear the beard! It's a very distinguished look Sir.  What is all this, Mr. Ramon?  Oh, this right here? This is a little something I'm working on. I'm cooking it up for Joe and the task force to take down metahumans. I'm think I'm going to call it The Boot. Oh, here are the receipts. sighs Oh, um, Captain, one more thing. You are not getting a badge, Mr. Ramon. chuckles He's really stingy with those badges, isn't he? Yeah, cops are funny that way. So you really think you can get this to work? Don't have me caught out on the streets with my pants down. Yes, once I finish the Boot, CCPD will totally have what it needs to take down a metahuman. Especially now that Barry has decided to go all Lone Wolf McQuade and fight crime by himself. I know, right? Have you spoken to him? Not really. Haven't even heard from Caitlin since she started work at Mercury Labs.  Hey Cisco. Hi, Dad.  Hey, baby. Hey, I was wondering if you'd talked to Barry about the rally.  We was just saying.  both chuckle I'm sorry, but, I can't believe they're gonna give the Flash the key to the city. Although technically, as members of Team Flash, we should all be getting keys. Well, you know Barry. The more we try to convince him to do something, the less he's gonna want to do it. Yeah, but he should go. Someone should try and get through to him. Maybe his best friend. Joe, believe me, I've tried. I meant her. Bye, baby.  Yeah.  Okay.  whooshing  fast hammering  drill whirring  whooshing  whooshing  drill whirring exhales You know, if you ever decided that you didn't want to be the Flash, you have a good future being a contractor. chuckles Thanks. Yeah, I'm just trying to put it all back exactly how it was before the You know. clears throat Seems like a lot of local businesses are being rebuilt at night. In secret. I was thinking about writing an article about it for the paper. Don't. Please. Look, people have heard the stories. They've read the articles. They've maybe even seen the red streak racing past them. But they've never seen the Flash, Barry. So that's why you're here? You came to talk me into going to the rally? 'Cause I'm I'm not gonna go. People just want to thank the man who saved Central City. Well, they can't, 'cause that's not me. You should know that, better than anyone. sighs Central City believes in the Flash. So do I. crowd panicking  rumbling  wind blowing  thunder rumbling  debris crashing crowd screaming woman screams Brilliant! He's contained the Singularity by adding to its angular momentum! Barry, it's stabilizing. Keep doing what you're doing! I'm not sure how much longer I can.  Cisco!  Now what? We have to merge the inner and outer event horizons. How do we do that? By separating in the eye of it. The amount of energy from the fissure should do the trick. It's our only hope, Ronald. Ronnie, no! It's too dangerous. What if you can't escape the inrush? Cait, we have to try. dramatic music   Ronnie Professor No! panting Ronald Ronald I'm so sorry. emotional music  marching band plays  crowd cheers Are we expecting trouble? Cops always expect trouble. In this city, I expect super evil flying monsters. That's a solid expectation. chuckles Well, I'll be. crowd cheering Good morning, Central City! A year ago, our world changed. Our city became ground zero for some pretty weird stuff. We got a new breed of criminal: Men and women who defied not only our laws, but physics and reason. But we got something else, too. We got the Flash! crowd cheers Our wounds run deep, and I know many of you are afraid of what threats tomorrow may bring. But the Flash doesn't just protect us, he restores hope where it was lost. That's why I'm honored to present the key to the man who saved Central City: The Flash! crowd cheers whooshing noise crowd cheers crowd chants "Flash!" Flash. Flash. crown continues to chant "Flash!"  emotional music  crowd continues chanting The doors to Central City will forever be open for you, Flash. people scream Look out! crowd screams You all right? I got this, all right? The man who saved Central City, hate to rain on your parade. Oof! tires screech Cisco! Cisco!  The Boot!  Right! gun shots Locked and loaded. Go! Booted! buzzing noise grunts roars Cisco, you said this thing would take him down. He's not going down. He went up. Run! Run!  What are you doing?  I'm throwing, you're shooting. grunts roars That's Al Rothstein. The body we found at the nuclear plant, he's alive! According to the coroner's office, Al Rothstein's body was in the morgue all night, so we can scratch off "zombie attack." Rothstein have a twin brother? Nope. Only child. And get this, the night the accelerator exploded, Rothstein was on his honeymoon, in Hawaii. Huh. So we're looking for a guy who's really strong, can grow twice his size, and just happens to look exactly like the guy he murdered? I would think this meta was really cool if everything about him didn't just terrify me to my core. Is that what happened to you? You looked really spooked there for a minute.  Uh  I actually see the guy that I can ask about it right now. Call you back, okay? Hey. So, the hospital next to the Flash Day rally, The xray and CT machines all failed at once. Was that because of you? I did not do anything that would cause that. I'm 92% sure. I'm going to go make that 100. Excuse me. You okay?  We need to talk.  Okay. Barry can't do this alone anymore. sighs That's his plan and I don't know how to talk him out of it. At this point, I'm just trying not to push him farther away. Well, maybe Barry has been so successful at pushing you, me and everyone else away because we keep letting him. Let's not let him. What do you suggest? Well, "if you keep getting 'no' for an answer, stop asking questions." I say that. You quoting me to me? What can I say? You are a very smart man. chuckles So this is what it looks like inside Mercury Labs. Security here is way better than it was at S.T.A.R. Labs, what with people walking in and out of the Cortex all the time.  Hi Cisco.  Sweet Sarek. Is that a 6K proton splicer? Yes, it is. Dr. McGee insists on having all the latest technology. Wow. You deserve it. chuckles I spotted you, at the rally today, and I'm guessing you saw what happened. Cisco, I can't come back. Okay, check this out: we found this on a victim at the nuclear power plant, but the badge shows absolutely nothing at all, which is so weird. What's also weird is that at the same time that metahuman grew, all the xray machines within a mile radius just went bellyup.  Cisco.  Just if you could just See if the badge was tampered with or something. I mean, if it's broken, or Whatever. It'll really help. Mr. Allen. Barry Allen?  Yeah.  I'm Greg Turk. I'm an attorney at Weathersby and Stone. I don't usually make house calls, but I've been trying to get in touch with you for several months. Yes. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I've just, um I've been really busy with police work. We need to talk about S.T.A.R. Labs. As you know, Harrison Wells left the property to you as part of his living trust. Yeah, which I did not ask him to do, but I've been keeping the place up. Well, It's going to take more than cleaning the floors to retain it, I'm afraid. The facility and the real estate are scheduled to go into receivership at the end of this week unless you watch this. What is this? A video message drafted by Dr. Wells. What's on it? Have you seen it? No. He was very specific. It was only to be watched by you. The device will send me a notification after you've viewed it. And at that point, I'll have everything ready to execute. I'm not going to watch that. Well, that's up to you, Mr. Allen. I'm only here to represent Harrison Wells' final request. Good day. quiet music beeping What are you guys doing here?  Working.  So, Caitlin was right. Yes, all humans contain small amounts of radiation due to contact with cell phones, microwaves, televisions, et cetera. Our bodies are natural conductors. I think our meta's been sucking up all the radiation around him and using it to power himself. Which is why the xray machines at the hospital failed the day of the rally. So if we want to find him, we gotta look for places without radiation. All right, guys, I don't want any of you here right now. Tough. You need your partners. You need your friends. Barry, everyone in this room cares about you, but we also care about this city. We all want to make a difference, and that means fighting metahumans, and that means working with the Flash. You can't deny us that.  Not anymore.  Got him. There's a three block dead zone near a hazardous waste reclamation plant. It should be blooming with rads, and right now it's at zero. That's where you'll find your atom smasher. chuckles Because he absorbs atomic power, and he, well, smashes.  Come here.  chuckles That's a great name. Welcome to the team.  Thank you.  Great, guys, thank you. You can go now, all right? Barry, you need to let Cisco and Stein figure out a way to stop this guy. No, I don't. all sigh Barry left his comm system behind. We can't talk to him. He's on his own. sighs inhaling exhaling Well, this is a curve ball. I thought I was going to have to come looking for you. I'm not gonna let you hurt anyone else.  I'm only here to hurt you, buddy.  Yeah? Then why'd you kill Albert Rothstein? And why do you look like him? You wouldn't believe me if I told you.  chuckles Try me.  I'm about to. Is there really no way of knowing what's going on in there? I'm looking for the security cameras. Booyah. heroic music My turn. choking  Dad.  Maybe I can make it there. No, you won't, and what are you gonna do when you get there? The Boot didn't work on him. Alarm!  Believe me, we're all alarmed.  No, the alarm system. You've tapped into the surveillance cameras, correct? Correct! "Come on, feel the noize." grunts grunting and choking He said you were some kind of big hero, but you don't seem worthy of him, or this city. alarm blares sighs Professor Stein, you are a genius. I believe that's already been well established. laughs gasping No, thank you. Iris says mac and cheese is your favorite. I'm not hungry. It's been six months, Barry. You gotta eat, son. sighs It's a good move, being angry all the time. I get it. You miss your mom and dad, and you want to show them that you're strong. Being mad makes it easier. Tougher thing to do would be to let yourself feel. It's okay to be sad. You can be sad, Barry. Your parents will understand if you're not strong all the time. That is why I'm here. It's okay, son. I got you. heart monitor beeping You're good. I got you. Where is everyone? I figured you wouldn't want an audience when you came to. scoffs Yeah, thanks. Iris is right. You're not gonna do this anymore. For the last six months I've given you your space to work all this out, come back to us. But today proved that you'd rather just get yourself killed. chuckles It's better than getting my friends killed. You want me to tell you that it wasn't your fault? I can't. It was. Guess what? You weren't the only person making decisions that day. All of the rest of us were there too. Eddie and Ronnie, they chose to help you stop Wells, and stop that  Singularity.  Singularity thing. It's on all of us, Barry. So stop with this hogging all the blame and regret. We gotta live with it. Move on. What do I do now? Well, I know that you've been rebuilding Central City at night. It's just bricks and paint. Maybe you should start trying to rebuild things that really matter. What are you doing here? Sorry, I should've called or something. I just I wanted to see you. It's been a while. Yeah, Cisco said that he saw you at the Flash Day celebration. I was surprised. You, better than anyone, know that I wasn't the hero that day.  Of course you were.  No. sighs Cait, Ronnie died saving me, and I should've saved him, and I'm I'm so sorry. Barry, I know that you did everything you could. It wasn't your fault. I don't blame you for Ronnie's death. I blame myself. Why? When Ronnie first became Firestorm, he asked me to leave Central City, and go somewhere that we could have a normal life. And I said no. I couldn't leave S.T.A.R. Labs, Dr. Wells you. If I had gone with him, Ronnie would still be alive. Being at S.T.A.R. Labs just made me think of that every single day. Here. Oh, you carry a handkerchief now? What are you, 80? object clatters to floor  What's that?  Ah, it's uh Apparently, in case of his death, Wells had some kind of a living will. And you haven't watched it yet? No. No, I've been too afraid. What if we watched it together? All right. sighs Hello, Barry. If you're watching this, that means something has gone horribly wrong. I'm dead and the last 15 years have been for nothing. Bummer. 15 years. You know, when I realize that in all those years helping raise you, we were never truly enemies, Barry. I'm not the thing you hate. And so, I want to give you the thing that you want most. It won't matter. You'll never be truly happy, Barry Allen, trust me. I know you. Now clears throat Erase everything I said up to this point. Give the following message to the police. My name is Harrison Wells. Being of sound mind and body, I freely confess to the murder of Nora Allen. In her home, on the night of March 18th, in the year 2000. I attacked Nora Allen in her dining room.  Oh, my God.  I stabbed her in the chest  with a large butcher knife  He confessed. From the drawer to the left of the sink in the kitchen. This is it. laughs This is what I need to free my dad. Hey, Joe. Yeah, hey. Can you have everybody meet me at S.T.A.R. Labs? Yeah. All right, thanks. Yeah. All right, bye. exhales I'll drive. Okay. You think the video's enough? Mmhmm. Well, sure.  What's she saying?  Hold on. Wells gave all the right details. It's not a done deal yet, but the D.A. says it looks good. Yeah, I'm here. Is it good news?  I think so.  Henry's coming home? Oh! laughs Okay, well that still leaves Atom Smasher to deal with. Last time you faced him, it did not go well. No, it did not. I clearly can't stop him by myself. So how are we gonna beat him? Well, ever since I was shown a drained radiation tag, which I haven't been able to stop thinking about.  Thank you, Cisco.  You're welcome, Caitlin. If this guy likes radiation so much, I say we give it to him. sighs dramatic music   Showtime. What's up? I see you got my message. That light was perfect bait. What made you think of that? I don't know, I think I saw it in a comic book somewhere. You want me? You're gonna have to catch me. growls It's working, dude. Rothstein's following you. I must say, he's quite agile for a man his size. Run, Barry, run. Come on. crashing noises dramatic music Didn't think I could catch you, huh? No, I knew you could. Now, Cisco! beeping alarm blares The amount of radiation about to flood that room Atom Smasher won't be able to absorb it all.  alarm blares  growling heroic music roaring The radiation's been cleared. It's safe for you to go in. I'm sorry. I couldn't let you hurt anyone else. Why? Why did you want to kill me? gasping He promised he'd take me home if I killed you. Who? Who promised you that? gasping Zoom. panting Let's get out of here.  I'll race you.  laughs You will lose. X Ambassadors' "Renegades" plays All: Welcome home! cheers and applause  Run awayay with me   Budumdumdum, budumdumdum   Budumdumdum   Lost souls in revelry   Budumdumdum, budumdumdum   Budumdumdum   Running wild and running free   Budumdumdum, budumdumdum   Budumdumdum   Two kids, you and me   Budumdumdum, budumdumdum   And I say hey, hey, hey, hey   Living like we're renegades   Renegades   Renegades  finger clinks against glass Gather round, everyone, please. Looking at all of you, thinking how far we've all come, and remembering those who are no longer with us, I'm reminded of a Hebrew word used during times of graduation. Kadima. It means, "Forward." Forward. Forward. Forward.  Forward.  Forward. Forward.  Forward.  Forward.  Well said.  Thank you. clears throat  You good?  Ah, yeah. laughs Stuff goes to your head after being away from it for 14 years. I bet. All right, well, look. I was thinking, what if, in the morning, the two of us started looking for an apartment for both of us, and Iris has actually been doing some research on how to get your medical license back so you could start your practice up again, or, if you wanted, come work with us at S.T.A.R. Labs. I don't know. I mean  What's wrong? You okay?  Yeah, it's a party. Come on, we can talk about all this tomorrow.  Talk about what?  Barry Are you not planning on sticking around? Okay. Okay, do you think Can you be all that you are becoming With me here? chuckles You're the only family that I have left. Well, that's not really true, is it? Don't you have another family in this room? They need your help too, Barry. When you need me, I will be here, but right now, Central City doesn't need you to be Henry Allen's son. It needs you to be the Flash. My kid. The superhero. sighs I have to go. I need you to tell me that it's okay. Yeah. melancholy music elevator dings  Hey.  Hey. Your dad get off okay? Yeah, I just dropped him at the station. You good? I don't know, I Just feels like every time I win, I still lose. Well It's not bad. No, it's not bad.  It's pretty cool.  It's really cool, come on!  Hey!  Hey.  Ho ho!  Hey, guess what? I added a little upgrade to your suit. chuckles It's just like the one from the future newspaper Gideon showed us. I was thinking, you know, you shouldn't fear the future anymore, right? No, and it'll be here faster than we think. Well, see, I like it. The lightning definitely pops more against the white. And S.T.A.R. Labs is now safer than ever. Increased security and surveillance. Recoded, double firewalled, electronic lock sets. Nothing is getting through here without us knowing. So people can't just waltz in and out of here.  Exactly.  gasps  For real?  Stay where you are. Who are you? You don't know me, but I know you Barry Allen. Take one more step, it'll be the last step you take. The man asked you a question. Who the hell are you? My name is Jay Garrick, and your world is in danger.
My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, with the help of my friends at S.T.A.R. Labs, I fight crime and find other metahumans like me. I hunted down the man who killed my mother, but in doing so, I opened up our world to new threats. And I am the only one fast enough to stop them. I am The Flash. Previously on The Flash No! The man who saved Central City. Why did you want to kill me?  He promised he'd take me home.  Who?  Zoom.  Wells killed my mother. I don't know anything anymore, especially who I can and can't trust. S.T.A.R. Labs is now safer than ever. People can't just waltz in and out of here.  Exactly.  gasps  Stay where you are.  My name is Jay Garrick. Your world is in danger, Barry Allen. Please, just let me explain. I mean you no harm. How do you know my name? I know all your names. Caitlin Snow, Cisco Ramon, Detective Joe West Enough. That part about explaining needs to happen right about now. This world is in danger. What other worlds are there? When you created the singularity above Central City, you also created a breach between my world and yours. I'm sorry, a breach? Yes, a portal connecting our two Earths. And what precisely is your concern? A few days ago, you found a dead man named Al Rothstein at the nuclear plant. But then a different Al Rothstein tried to kill you. Atom Smasher. That man was from my world. If he got through the breach, I suspect there'll be more to follow. Okay, so, Jay, how exactly do you know all of this? Where I came from, I was a speedster like you. They called me The Flash. stirring music Before I arrived on your Earth, I was in a fight with a man named Zoom. Zoom? I've heard that name before. Atom Smasher, he said Zoom sent him here to kill me. Who is this guy? He's a speedster, like you and me. And fast. Maybe the fastest of all. But evil. He is an unstoppable demon with the face of death. dramatic music We were engaged in our fiercest battle ever, racing throughout my city. But I wasn't fast enough to stop him.  screaming  Zoom had me beaten. Aah! He was about to kill me when suddenly there was a blinding light and the sky split open. A breach, between my world and yours, caused from the singularity. It pulled me in   And I somehow ended up in your world. Powerless. Unable to return home. What do you mean? I lost my speed. How? Not entirely sure. So, you've been in Central City for six months. Why haven't you come to see us before? I'm in a foreign world here, Detective. I didn't know who you all were. Took me that long to piece it all together. So that's how you know our names. You've been following us. Look, I know how this sounds. The existence of another Earth, you, another Flash, it all came as an unexpected shock to me, too. I just wish there was something I could do to convince you. There is. We're gonna do some tests on you. See if you're telling us the truth. 'Cause if you're not, this Zoom, he's not gonna be your only enemy. grunting Where the hell am I? You want to go home? You only have to do one thing. What's that? Kill The Flash. dramatic music So, Mr. Garrick, how long have you been The Flash on your world? Not long enough to call me Mister. Please, it's Jay. Jay, of course. On my world, I've been The Flash for about two years. And how did you get your speed? Not really sure. I was at my lab trying to purify heavy water without any residual radiation when there was a blinding light. I fell into a coma. When I woke up, I could run almost as fast as the speed of light. Sorry. Did you say lab? Are you a scientist? Well, I certainly didn't work at a place like this, but, yeah. I had a respectable solo operation. Parttime chemist, parttime physicist.  Parttime superhero.  Hmm. I can forget that superhero part now, though, huh? Is any of this possible? A breach to another Earth? It's not, right? The contrary. Just recently, the manydifferentworlds theory proposed interaction with parallel universes was plausible. Now, if what Mr. Garrick's saying is true, that theory's been proven sooner than we all thought. It doesn't add up. I'm gonna be honest here, I don't understand what the hell any of you are talking about. So, Jay is saying he's from, like, a mirrorworld. Or a parallel universe that's very, very similar to ours. Multiverse would be a more apt description.  No, not helping.  Bless your heart. Okay, let's see if this helps. This is our Earth. Let's call it Earth1. And this second Earth, let's call it Earth2. This is where Jay claims to be from. And these other Earths, three, four, five, to infinity, all of them, are nearly identical to ours. And they all exist at the same time, giving us endless alternatives to what we have here. For example, the Joe West on Earth2, your doppelganger, he might not be a detective. He could be a Nobel Prizewinning physicist. And you, the Barry Allen here is The Flash, but over there, he could be an electrician. So, I'm assuming that the people on all these other Earths work to make money to pay bills and such.  I would imagine.  So we got that in common. I'm heading back to the station. Call me when this makes a little bit more sense. I'm still trying to wrap my head around this whole idea of time travel. laughs softly There is, uh, one problem that remains. If Mr. Garrick is telling the truth, there is a breach somewhere in Central City that we need to find and close for good. Yeah, but how do we find it? We don't even know what to look for. Well, I I suggest we put our heads together and come up with a solution. Not literally, of course. Those days are over.  What'd you find?  Well, Jay's heart rate is extraordinarily low. And he does have regenerative capabilities. Other than that, I'm not seeing any evidence of the Speed Force in his system. We don't even have proof that he's a speedster, much less from another Earth? Not necessarily. What does that mean? Well, Jay doesn't know this, but while I was testing his heart rate, blood pressure, and motor responses, I also measured his autonomic reactions while we were talking. You gave him a lie detector test? And he passed it. What if he's not a good guy, and he just wants to find our weaknesses? Keep running tests. See what else you can find out. phone vibrating phone beeps Detective West, sir. Yes, Officer? Spivot. Patty Spivot. Captain Singh mentioned there may be positions available on your antimetahuman task force. Yeah, everybody quit. There is no task force anymore. Well, I know someone who's interested in being on it. Me. You do realize that metahumans have superpowers, right?  laughs softly  And even if they didn't, you wouldn't be a good fit for the team. Because I'm a woman? I didn't mean to imply that. Good, because I know how difficult this job would be, but I think I'm an excellent candidate. I triplemajored at Hudson in biology, chemistry, and physics. I'm in prime physical condition. And I rated top of my class in marksmanship. Your class? You don't even have your stripes yet. Soon. Been on the job seven months, sir. Are you aware of what happened to my previous partner? Detective Thawne, yes. I know that he died and the one before him, Fred Chyre, died, too, but the one before that's not dead, just transferred. I'm sure it had nothing to do with you.  Listen, Officer  Spivot, Patty Spivot. Yes, Spivot, the answer's no. All I'm asking for is a shot, sir.  Please, just an interview.  You just had the interview. Didn't get the job. electronics beeping I hope you understand why we have to do this. I get it, kid. You're doing what you think you have to. But you'll all realize soon enough that this, the tests, it's unnecessary. I want to help you, Barry, not harm you. You're not the first person that's said that to me. If what you told me about Zoom is true, that he sent Rothstein here to kill you, instead of locking me up in here, you better start listening. Because if Zoom is involved, you are gonna need a lot more than just me at your side to stay alive. Barry, there's a fire at the waterfront. Fire department's en route. I'm on my way. Be careful. stirring music   sirens blaring indistinct chatter heroic music That was the Flash.   panting That was a big fire. It's out, Cisco. Copy that, see you in a bit. smacking lips panting rustling grunting suspenseful music   I thought it would be harder than this. grunts   Barry? Hello? Are you there?  What was that?  I don't know. We need to find out. camera shutter clicks  Bar.  Hey. What are we dealing with here? Pfft. Well, definitely a metahuman. Had a pretty solid look at him between punches. And he was, like, made of sand.  Sand?  Mmhmm.  Okay.  These walls are too porous to pull any prints. I can't even get one off the boat, but check this out. There's gasoline burns everywhere. Water didn't go off. Sprinklers weren't working. This was arson. Excuse me? Barry Allen?  Yeah.  Hi. Two days in a row, Officer. What a coincidence. Or kismet, if you believe in destiny or fate. Uh  I'm Patty. Patty Spivot.  Hey. I'm really excited to meet you.  I'm a huge fan.  Excuse me? Your forensic reports. I I read them sometimes. Oh. Who am I kidding? All the time. I've actually read them all. Wow, I don't think that I've read them all. They're always so detailed. You know, they really paint a picture like you were somehow actually there when somebody was being brutally murdered. Thank you. playful music Uh, anyhow, I I found, uh, something. Well, I think I found something. It's just a theory,  but I would like to show you.  Great. So, this right here is the point of origin of the fire. And look. I don't know a sandblaster on the market that can make a cut that precise, so I think a metahuman may have done this. Here. Took a sample for you. Uh, there's also some fingerprints on the back of the pipe. You should have gone into CSI work. I love the science, but out here's where all the action is. Isn't that right, Detective West? Mm. The answer's still no, Officer S  Spivot, yeah.  Spivot. What was that about? I'm trying to join the antimetahuman task force.  Ah.  But you heard him. Hey, he's kinda like your dad, right? So, do you have any advice on how I can crack his nocode? Yeah, I've been trying to pick that lock since I was 11. So, if you figure it out, how about you let me know?  Deal.  All right. It was nice to meet you, Barry. Yeah, you too. Ahem. His blood pressure is low, his heart rate is low, his oxygen levels are impressive. Yeah, but nothing compared to Barry's. No, but he's certainly in the physical specimen range.  In more ways than one.  Hmm? Oh, I wasn't paying attention. That's enough for today, Jay. Thank you. Found it at the crime scene. I mean, it's gotta be from the metahuman that attacked me. Huh. What is this stuff? Sand?  sighs  It's not sand. It's human cells whose myosin II protein have migrated to the cell's periphery. Jay's a fellow science nerd. Those cells have the ability to rearrange and harden, giving them the appearance of sand. And how do you know this? They belong to a metahuman I've fought before named Sand Demon. I know you're new here, so I'm just gonna break it down for you. The whole "naming the bad guys" thing, that's my jam. But you know what? I'm gonna let you have that one 'cause I actually kinda like it. I'm not mad at that one. Is that Barry's sweatshirt? Oh, uh, sorry. It was all we could find, so I was gonna say, 'cause it looks a lot smaller on you, right? Chuckles I gotta do this thing. So, who is this Sand Demon? I don't know his name, but I know how to stop him. You know what? I think we'll be fine on our own. Look, Barry, I don't know what else I can do to prove to you I'm on your side. I've been poked, prodded. I even subjected myself to a full body scan. I was being thorough. Sand Demon's from my world. Let me teach you how to stop him. Yeah, I don't need you to teach me anything, Jay. Zoom sent Rothstein here to kill you. He must have sent Sand Demon here to do the same thing. Don't you get it? Anyone close to the Flash, all of you, are in a lot of danger. All right. If you're so good, you would have caught him already. tense music Let's get Jay back to his cell.   Whoa. Hey, beautiful mind, I think you need to take a breather. After some, uh, lengthy calculations, I believe I have discovered the key to proving the proposed breach theory. Exotic matter. Huh. You mean, like, transdimensional energy? Precisely. Exotic matter, transdimensional energy will theoretically leak from one universe into another. Now, if this breach Mr. Garrick's talking about is real, if there is indeed a hole in our universe which leads to his Earth We can make some adjustments and upload an electrophotography program to the S.T.A.R. Labs satellite and essentially photograph the exotic matter leak. Thereby giving us the locale of said breach. Last time I saw the kit, it was in the fabrication room.  I shall return.  Oh, hoo, hoo.  Haha!  Getting gooseys. All right. Let's see what you're made of. That's too much. dark music   Barry?   I thought it'd be harder than this. heavy breathing What's happening to me? dark music  Hey.  I found our meta. His name is Eddie Slick. We tracked those prints to his address. All right, where are you? I'll meet you there. Too late. He made me. What? Joe? dramatic music   grunts groans   So, can I be on your task force? That look familiar?  How about now?  Grunts  What's it look like?  A fire. There you go, genius. It's the fire you started in the third ward last night. Man, I didn't start no fire there last night. What? Were you out of town? Your cat get sick? Well, let me guess. You don't start fires anymore. You been rehabilitated. Yeah, I done it before. So what? I didn't do this one. I always start a fire with something that's hard to trace. You know, like acetone or something. Or maybe you don't need to use accelerants anymore. Iron Heights can hold people like you now. You know that, right? You think I'm one of those metahuman freaks? If I had powers, you don't think I would have used them to get away from you? December, 2013. Where were you?  Why?  Answer the damn question.  Where were you?  Blackgate Penitentiary. You don't believe me. Check your records. Jimmy, I need you to confirm something for me. So, Joe told me what you did. I'm impressed. chuckles No, all I did was, you know, run the other print from the electrical pipe, then track Slick down from there. That's all. Chuckles  Yeah.  Both laugh How's it going with Joe? You any closer to cracking his nocode? Are you kidding me? He's like the permission Sphinx. Or like a Magic 8Ball with just one answer. Or like, you know, the Bridgekeeper protecting the Holy Grail.  What is your quest?  Oh, to join your task force.  No.  Both: Aah! laughter Well, maybe I can put in a good word for you. That would mean a lot to me, Barry.  He needs me.  Yeah. laughs Okay, so, Slick wasn't in Central City the night the particle accelerator exploded. He's lying. He's a dirt bag, and an arsonist, but he's not lying about this. He's not a meta, Barry. Slick is the guy who jumped me. Do you think it's possible that the Slick in there has a A doppelganger? I don't know. Yesterday's surprise broadcast from a Star City vigilante who is calling himself the Green Arrow has spawned a massive outcry of both support and dissenters Catchy. I hate it when they put a color in their name.  Yo.  Yo.  The sample you gave us?  Yeah. Not sand. Definitely human cells. Yeah, I know. It's not him, I get it. I hate to say it, but I think this Earth2 theory  is starting to make sense.  For real? What, you think Jay is lying about the Sand Demon? I don't know. That's my point. But I'm not gonna just believe some guy that walks in here and says a few things that sort of check out. Sort of? He was he was right about Zoom. We don't even know anything about Zoom. What is Zoom? Is Zoom even real? Right now, that's just, you know, a story around a campfire. I mean, have you discovered a breach yet? Not yet, but we know how to now. Have you found one thing to suggest that Jay is a speedster? Is the Speed Force even in his system? It doesn't appear to be, no. See? We are scientists. You are a journalist. We test, we prove, we report. That's what we do. Except right now, nobody here wants to do any of that except me. sighs Can we have the room for a minute? sighs What has happened to you? Are you me? Yes, you. The you that I grew up with. The you that is my best friend. The you that became The Flash. I haven't seen that you in a very long time. A lot's changed, Iris. Yeah, it sure has. You have learned how to not trust people. What is it about Jay that you don't like? I don't know. Sighs It's because he reminds you of Harrison Wells. I trusted that man. For months. We all did. poignant music And you know what? Eddie is dead. Ronnie is dead. And a whole lot of other people in this city, they are dead because we trusted him. I'm not gonna let us make that mistake again. Barry, not everyone is Harrison Wells. Besides, you defeated him because you trusted in people. Because you believed in them. This team that you have here, they will follow your lead. They'll do what you say. But if they think that you don't believe in them, it won't be long before they don't believe in you.   Get to walking. I don't want to see your ugly mug around here again. Sayonara. We didn't have probable cause. I get it. One thing you should know about dealing with these metahumans, nothing is ever as it seems. Speaking of which, you're the only person here who wants to be on my task force. You want to tell me why you're so hellbent on being on it? You want to tell me why you're so hellbent I'm not? Didn't I just tell you I didn't want to see your ugly mug around here again? Well, you're gonna have to, Detective West. So I can get to the Flash. dramatic music grunts    grunts  Hey! gunfire   I like you. You'll do the trick just fine. Finally come to your senses? Sand Demon kidnapped a police officer. A woman that I know. And you need my help? I need you to help us save her. Before something happens. I guess you're gonna have to trust me now, huh, kid? laughs softly We're looking for any structures that promote humidity. Greenhouses, grow rooms, anything of the sort. His body will literally start to fall apart if he becomes dehydrated.  Like dry sand.  Exactly. Sand Demon always attacks on two fronts. He creates a diversion, then strikes when you're distracted. Okay, then what do we do? We use your speed to get to him before the distraction can happen. Jay, how do I stop somebody who can slip through my fingers? The way I was never able to. With lightning. Yo, are you about to pull a Zeus right now? What are you talking about? Barry's gonna hurl lightning from the energy he creates when he runs. Because lightning plus sand equals Glass. Time to learn something new, kid. laughs softly All right. Choo! chuckles Give me a sec. Hey, are you good? That was Singh. CCPD still hasn't found anything yet. Irony is, I didn't want Patty to have anything to do with the damn task force in the first place. And she gets taken because of me. No, no, no, this isn't your fault, all right? It's hard not to think that. Well, look, we're gonna find Patty, all right? Whatever it takes. sighs water dripping dark music   Flash is coming for you, you know? Yes, I'm sure he is. You can't beat him. I don't care what powers you have. I wouldn't be too sure about that. Is that why you need to build that concussive bomb? Yeah, I know what it is. I'm a cop. I've seen one before. This isn't gonna kill the Flash. I am. This is gonna kill you.   You know you got lucky, right? You think you were chosen. The rest of us don't mean anything. But it's not true. You were just at the right place at the right time. Getting those powers didn't change who you are. They only highlighted the worst parts of who you already were. Maybe you're right. Maybe not. Either way, you and the Flash are about to find out what those worst parts are.   beeping I've searched all the vacant buildings in Central City and none of them fit the description that we need. And I've looked at any draw upticks on the electrical grid. Nothing out of the norm, I'm afraid. We gotta do whatever it takes. I'll be back. Okay, come on. tense music   Flash is coming for you, you know? Yes, I'm sure he is. You can't beat him. I don't care what powers you have. I wouldn't be too sure about that. Oh, no. heavy breathing Mr. Ramon? What are you doing down here? I figured out where Patty is. And how exactly did you do that? Just a hunch. We gotta tell Barry. dramatic music   Again. panting I've been doing this for an hour. It's not working. It's because you're trying to rush it. This is the one time you need to slow down. Let the energy pass over you, then simply direct it to where you want it to go. All right, Jay I don't know if I'm gonna get this in time. You'll get it. I believe in you. The last person that helped me like this was a man that I looked up to. Idolized. He taught me how to get faster, how to get stronger, how to use my powers to save people. That same man murdered my mother. tense music It's a tough break, but I'm not him. Yeah. I know where they are! panting The abandoned Woodrue grow house. That's where Slick's keeping Patty. Dude, great job. And I was thinking, if I were Sand Demon and I were attacking a speedster on two fronts, I would probably want to slow you down, like, by using a concussive bomb  or something like that.  That's a good thought. He's actually used one on me before. His body absorbs the blast so it doesn't affect him. Well, kid, gonna have to think of something. You know what? What if we give Slick a diversion? He knows you, right? You said you went up against him. Yeah, but, Barry, I don't have my speed. He doesn't know that. You got your suit? Sure. Well, except my helmet.  Helmet?  Silver kettle helmet? Gold wings? Don't tell me you guys found it. chuckles dramatic music   Never thought I'd see that again. laughs softly   It was my father's, from the War of the Americas. Did you just say War of the Americas? I wish you would have just told us you lost your helmet. Would have saved us all a headache. heroic music   Well, sure you want to do this, Flash? Yeah. Let's go see what you're made of Flash.   whirring and beeping dark music   I'm in the security feed. Go, Barry!   Is that you, Flash? Found your way here. heroic music I came quite a distance. I thought you were dead. You were wrong. Like usual. stirring music Let the girl go. Have at it. But you touch her, she goes boom. And I think even you aren't fast enough to save her.   Quite a bit slower on this Earth, aren't you, Flash? grunting coughing You don't have your speed, do you? Slick's distracted. Go, Barry. dramatic music   exploding   grunts  Jay!  Barry! suspenseful music   Patty's alive. Must be my lucky day. Zoom sent me here to kill you. Now I get to kill The Flash from two worlds before I go home. choking He's choking Jay. Barry, you gotta do something now.   Come on!   Aah! electricity sparking grunts shattering panting rousing music   You okay? Yeah. I'm okay. Nice shot, kid.   Flash? Both: Coming.   Pretty good at this. chuckles I've had a lot of practice over the last year. Mm. It was really courageous doing what you did today, standing up to the Sand Demon without any powers. Ah, Barry did all the work. I just stood there and took a few punches. It was more than a few. This is a lot harder than I thought. Losing something that was such a big part of who I was for so long. I lost something that was a part of me, too. It's hard, but it gets easier every day. sentimental music You just have to find a new way to live. Just because it's a different life it doesn't mean it's a worse one.   And, speed or no speed, in my book you were still a hero today. I'm just sorry we didn't all realize it a little bit sooner. Especially me. I'll leave you two speedsters alone. laughs softly So, I hear they call you "The Scarlet Speedster"  Yeah.  chuckles  What about you?  "Crimson Comet."  Mm.  What is it with alliteration and nicknames? laughs softly Hey, look, Jay, um So, thank you for all your help. And for being so patient with me. Nah, anytime, kid. You're a quick study. Took me a lot longer to learn how to toss lightning, believe me. Then I suppose I had the right teacher. It's going to be a lot harder to take down Zoom. Who is this guy? No one knows. He showed up around the same time as when I got my powers. Killed a lot of people in my world. I spent about two years tracking him down. But he was too smart, too quick. He's always one step ahead. You really think he's just bringing these guys here to kill me? Zoom is obsessed with destroying me.  Now he wants to destroy you.  Yeah. He needs to be the best. And he will do whatever it takes to ensure he's the only speedster. In any world.  Officer Spivot?  Detective. You're supposed to be home resting. I'm okay, sir, really. Look, I'm sorry you got mixed up in all this mess because of me. It's not your fault. Do you really think you have what it takes to be part of my task force? I know it, sir. Well, I always check the jacket of anyone I'm considering for it. In my research on you, I found out we got a mutual acquaintance. Mark Mardon. I need you to be honest with me here. Why do you want to do this? Mark Mardon killed my dad. dark music He had a little shoe shop down on Chesterfield. It was a cash business. One night he went to Fairfield bank to make his weekly deposit, and the Mardon brothers showed up. While he was waiting in line, Mark shot my dad in the face for a few hundred dollars.   Then a few months later, Mark and his brother got powers. Two murderers got superpowers. So that's why I'm here, Sir. That's why I'm so hellbent on being on your task force. 'Cause there's some bad people out there and they can do anything. And I may not have powers, but I want to stop them. You're the only person I know who wants to do that, too.   Monday, 8:00 a.m. Don't be late. Uh, late for what? The task force, Detective. rousing music   laughs softly elevator bell dings Joseph. Hi. Been a long time. Yeah, it has. Why are you here? Because you didn't return my calls. And I wanted to see you. And our daughter. tense music beeping Any progress with the electrophotography? The satellite picture of the city's still rendering. typing While we wait, care to tell me what's going on with you? What? Nothing. computer beeps Two hunches in one day. Slick's locale, and that he'd be using a concussive bomb to thwart Barry. Do I need to inform you of the odds of such a prediction? dark music Something's happening to me. I'm starting to perceive things. Horrible things. It started after Wells killed me in the other timeline. It came back when Atom Smasher attacked on Flash Day, and then again when Sand Demon showed up. I get a vibe, and then a vision of something that's already happened, and then it's gone.   That's how I knew where Slick was. Cisco, this is amazing. We we have to study this, figure out just what to do. No, no, no, we're not doing any of that, and we're certainly not telling anybody, either. Cisco, I would think you'd be the one most intrigued with knowing exactly what this is and how it works. I'm seeing things I don't want to see. And knowing things I don't want to know. I just want it to stop. Professor, I don't want anyone to know about this. Not yet.   It's okay to be afraid, you know? Wells told me this was my future. That he gave me this power. But everything he did was evil. That's what scares me, Professor. You have to promise me you won't tell anyone about this. I promise. beeping Oh, wow. It appears that while we were indeed successful in closing the singularity, there was an unfortunate side effect.  What are you talking about?  Using electrophotography, Cisco and I were able to search Central City for any signs of energy entering our Earth from another dimension. From any "breaches", as Mr. Garrick described them. But, of course, there isn't just one breach. There's 52 of them scattered throughout the city. These breaches are pockets of time and space folded into and upon itself. But the most significant breach of all appears to be this one. computer beeping And where exactly is that located? It's here, inside S.T.A.R. Labs. And just beyond that breach is an entirely diff fferent thuds Professor? Professor! dramatic music I'd like to personally welcome you to the Scientific and Technological Advanced Research Laboratories, or, as it's more commonly known, S.T.A.R. Labs. Founded in 1991, S.T.A.R. Labs is leading the world in exciting new technological discoveries that, as our motto suggests, are truly bringing us tomorrow's world today. Specializing in artificial intelligence, genetics, and metahuman stu Oh, are we in for an unexpected treat. It is my absolute honor to introduce you to the founder of S.T.A.R. Labs, the savior of Central City, Dr. Harrison Wells. applause dramatic music   Hello, kids.
My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, with the help of my friends at S.T.A.R. Labs, I fight crime and find other metahumans like me. I hunted down the man who killed my mother, but in doing so, I opened up our world to new threats, and I am the only one fast enough to stop them. I am The Flash. Previously on "The Flash" How come you haven't given me a code name? What do you think I should be called? Golden Glider. Smart is sexy, Cisco. Why didn't you just kill me? Well, I guess you owe me one now too. My name is Jay Garrick. Where I came from, I was a speedster, like you. When you created the Singularity above Central City, you also created a portal connecting our two earths. I somehow ended up in your world. There isn't just one breach. There's 52 of them. But the most significant breach of all appears to be here, inside S.T.A.R. labs. Hey, Iris. What's up? Barry, I need your help, now!  Were those gunshots?  Yeah. I'm at Baldwin Tower! I can't find a way out. Window is there window? Over here! Um, yeah, up ahead. Okay, I'm by the window. Why? Okay, great, you're gonna need to jump. What? Are you crazy? Barry, no way. Iris! Do you trust me? Yes. I trust you. Okay, then jump. I can do this. I can do this.  All right. You good?  Yeah. All right. Wait, uh how many guys are up there? Uh, two. They both have guns. Okay. Okay, now they're taking little naps till the CCPD wakes them. So what exactly were you thinking? I got a hot lead on a real estate scam. I mean, these guys have been illegally evicting people, breaking up families. Okay, look, no story is worth your life. Thank you for coming! Yeah. I can't wait to write about this. Pretty amazing, isn't it? Still can't believe what I'm looking at. and the biggest one just happens to be in our basement.  We need a name for it.  It's not a pet, Cisco. No, it's a wormhole. Professor Stein, what are you doing? Your blood pressure is 147 over 82! You could pass out again. Oh, it's merely a few points above the 140 average for someone my age. Besides, I have some ideas I would like to contribute to this discussion, Dr. Snow. And I want to hear them. This isn't just a wormhole. It's my way home. Back to Earth Two. Jay, you really think that we can use this as some kind of bridge from your world to ours? Zoom uses the breaches. Why can't we? We don't know how. Everything I put through just bounces back. If Zoom's using these breaches to transport people from Earth Two, maybe it takes a speedster.  He's not gonna  Yeah, he is. Maybe I'm not fast enough. I don't believe your speed is the entirety of the issue, Barry. It might be the breach's stability  or lack thereof.  He's right. We need to think of the breach as a door, and on Earth Two, there's another door. In between, we have a hallway, but the hallway's constantly shifting, twisting, collapsing upon itself. And the doors keep moving with it. So we stabilize the door, we stabilize the hallway. And then I can jump through it. Exactly, it would serve as a kind of cannon. A speed cannon. Mm. We should hang out more. All right. No more tests today. All of you are leaving now, as am I. Cherish the gift of youth as I will go cherish my much needed nap. Clarissa's already on her way to pick me up. Joseph. You're wearing your wedding ring. Divorced men take them off. Widowers don't. I need you to leave town. And you thought you could pay me to walk away from my own daughter? Last time, you walked away for free. No amount of money is gonna keep me away from Iris. It has been 20 years, Francine. Why did you show up now? Now I'm different. Now I'm ready. No. Now you're too late. Iris is fine without you. You've done You've done a wonderful job, Joe. Better than I ever could, but right now, she needs her mother. Losing the love of your life isn't something you can just get over in a few months. I would know. Would you? You have 48 hours to leave Central City. I'm not going anywhere.  Oh!  Hey. Hey! Hey! The Flash! What? The drinks that they're serving today. They're called "The Flash." A brewed coffee with an extra shot of espresso to keep you running all day. But you should maybe just, you know, have one of those. Uh, yeah, no, my my friends, uh, ordered these. I didn't even realize Um, are you sticking around to celebrate? I don't know, should I? You know, actually, never mind, I can't. I have to head into work.  Okay.  But it was great to see you.  Yeah, good to see you.  Okay, bye. Bye, Patty.  All right, four Flashes.  Mmhmm. Be careful apparently, they are supercaffeinated. First I have a day named after me. Now I have a drink. Well, all the things you do, rebuilding this place, protecting people everyone's appreciative, right?  Mmhmm, I'll drink to that.  Yeah. Hey, you guys think Professor Stein is okay, right? I mean, Clarissa would call if there was anything wrong.  Yeah.  All right. I'm just gonna call and check in.  I'll be back.  Uh I don't see that call going well. Young lady, these repeated intrusions are interrupting what should be a speedy recov Oh, I'm so sorry. Don't apologize. You can bump into me any day, Cisco. Lisa Snart. You here to doublecross us again, or are you and your big bro holding up coffee shops now? I need your help. In your dreams, Sister Cold. You know I could call The Flash. He'd be here in like two seconds Probably one. Call him. Oh, okay. I'm gonna call him. Mmhmm. You really want me to call The Flash? I need his help too. My brother's been kidnapped. All right, so you really want us to just believe that Captain Cold was kidnapped?  I saw it happen.  Mmhmm. Last night, Lenny, me, and Mick were knocking over the cashier's cage at Central City Racetrack. Does it physically pain your family not to rob people? I never finished the job. After Mick torched through the side entrance, I looked back for Lenny and saw him getting thrown into the back of a van. And why didn't you and Mick follow? I would have. Someone hit me from behind and knocked me out. When I came to, Lenny was gone, and Mick already made off with the cash. How do we know this isn't some kind of a trap? If Lenny wanted Flash dead, he would have let Mardon, Simmons, and Bivolo take that honor, remember?  Yeah, I remember.  Good. Then you'll also recall that you owe Lenny a favor for saving your life. Time to make good on that debt, Flash. I do not like her. Yeah, but she makes a point. What? We should at least hear her out. Right? Even if I wanted to help, how are we supposed to find him? Not a problem. See, when I rebuilt the cold gun, I didn't have time to place a tracker on it, so I devised a method of locating it by borrowing some military technology. See, the gun works the same as thermal imaging, only instead of infrared heat signatures, it's looking for ultraviolet cold signatures. Whoa, look at that. The gun's UV thermal reading was last picked up at 5th and Hoyt eight minutes ago. All right. Let's see if you're a liar. Snart. Barry. Are you okay? Peachy. Okay. Uh, I'm supposed to be here to rescue you. That's not necessary. You can speed along now. Look, Snart, if these guys are making you do this No one makes me do anything. Then why does your sister think you've been kidnapped? What's taking so long? I got held up. Always the excuse with you. Look at that. I didn't think you had it in you, son. Thanks, Dad. Come on. We're behind schedule. You know what they say. "Live fast, die young." Talk to me. What's going on? Cisco! Snart hit me with his cold gun. His vitals are bottoming out! I'm bringing the heat right now. What? The suit. What's happening? Thermathreading, baby. It's a little something I added for situations exactly like this one. Please, please tell me it's working. Yeah, it works, but Snart's gone, and Lisa has a lot of explaining to do. So your brother was not kidnapped. He was pulling a job with your father. What? No, Lenny would never do that. Oh, just like he would never try and kill The Flash with his cold gun. Are you sure it was my dad?  That's him.  Lewis Snart. Convicted of larceny, armed robbery, aggravated assault, assault with a deadly weapon. You have to believe me. Lenny would never work with him. He's a bad guy. You and your entire family are criminals. Why should we trust anything you say? I didn't get this scar being a criminal. I got it being a daughter. Let me go. I got this. I see you found my hiding spot. This is usually where I come to, you know, get away. First time my father came after me, I was seven. Second time, I was eight. That's when I learned that a bottle hurts worse than a fist. He used to say he was trying to teach us lessons. I must have been a slow learner, because the lessons never stopped. I'm sorry, Lisa. Lenny practically raised me. If it weren't for him, I would have turned out a lot worse. I know, how could I be any worse? I didn't say that. You didn't have to. But believe me, there is worse. And, look, he may be a jerk brother, but he's the only jerk brother I've got. He protected me. Now it's my turn. If he's with my dad, he is in serious trouble. Please. You've gotta find out what's going on. Hey, baby. Dad! What are you doing here? Came to check in on my favorite crimefighting reporter. Dad! Actually, there's something I need to talk to you about. Hey, Iris. Editorial needs your photos and story ASAP. Congratulations, Detective. Your daughter's exposÃ© just made the front page. What? I am so happy for you. A little bit jealous, but I'll get over it. Thanks, Linda. I got lucky. No, she's being modest. Your daughter's a serious badass. You don't have to tell me. Well, better let you get back to work. Wait, there was something that you wanted to talk to me about, right? Later, it can wait. Go be fabulous. Okay. Back from the dead so soon, Barry? Pass me the salt. Don't spill. It's bad luck. Why are you working with Lewis? Lisa told us you hate him. Things are complicated with family, as you know with your own parents, hmm? Tell me what's going on. Let me help you. Don't waste your time trying to save people who don't want to be saved. Yeah, well, maybe it's not just about you, all right? I'm betting whatever you two are up to, innocent people are gonna get hurt. Don't worry, I remember our deal. You leave me alone, I make sure no one dies. All right. You're a criminal, Snart, but you live by a code. It sounds to me like Lewis doesn't, like he won't care if people die. That's why I can't leave this alone. Then everyone will know who The Flash is under that mask. I don't care. I will take you down anyway. Both of you. We'll see about that. Thanks for dinner. Mmhmm. Iris' mom is alive. I lied to Iris, you, everybody. Why? I felt like I didn't have a choice. Francine did so many things wrong. Just about everything. I don't know. Now I feel like my one wrong might be worse. Look, Joe. I've known you for, you know, most of my life, and I know that you always have a good reason for the decisions you make. And obviously, you were worried that Iris would go down the wrong path if Francine raised her. Look at Snart. He's a criminal because he had Lewis for a father. That could have been me. Oh, come on. Never. Yeah, because I had you. And so did Iris. You just gotta trust in that and tell her the truth. Yeah, how do I do that without hurting her? She's not a little girl anymore. You should have seen her in action the other day, putting her neck on the line for a story. She can handle anything that comes her way. I just lied to her for so long, I'm scared she's not gonna understand or forgive me. I could lose her. No, she's gonna forgive you. You just gotta give her a chance. We make our move at 9:00. That's when the cleaning crews go in and the daytime shift leaves. Now we'll go up in the service elevator to the 27th floor. They got a twoman team of armed guards working the 27th through 29th floor, but if we time it perfectly with their shift change, we should be able to get in and out. And if the timing doesn't work out? Then those guards don't make it home. But if we start on the top floor, there's a service elevator that will Son, you and I both know that there's casualties in this line of work. Rutenberg, you're the tech guy. Did you find a solution for the vault hallway? Not yet. That Draycon Systems keypad's gonna be a problem. Fine. How about you? You gonna disappoint me too, or is that freeze gun of yours gonna look after the power source for the laser grid? It's a cold gun, and yes, but I have a better way to get past the lasers. That gun is the only reason you're here, so shut up before I make you Ow! Ow, my my head. Oh! My head! Aah! Feels like it's gonna Nobody talks to my son that way. Nobody. Don't worry, sir. I waited for you this time. Okay, I may have done a quick preliminary assessment of my own. Something is definitely weird.  Oh.  Decapitation.  Yeah.  Yikes. We're still recovering parts of the head, so the ID is taking a little longer than normal. Aah! Ugh. Sorry, I thought I stepped on an ear. I didn't. If I did, I'd be hearing things. Oh, hell no. Doesn't look like the head was sliced off with any weapon I'm familiar with, and I'm familiar with most weapons. Yeah, you're right. Perforation around the neck it's too jagged. It's almost like the head was blown off. Like a metahuman who can explode heads, right? Not necessarily. Traces of thermite.  Bomb residue?  Uhhuh. But then why wasn't the rest of the body blown apart?  I don't know.  The victim is David Rutenberg, security systems expert, and guess who's on his list  of known associates.  Hmm?  Lewis Snart.  Lewis Snart. Isn't he related to Leonard Snart, aka Captain Cold?  Please don't call him that.  Okay.  Uh, one second.  Sure. Come here. I think this guy is part of Snart's crew. So Snart put a bomb in him to keep him in line? No, Snart wouldn't do that, but his father would. So Lewis is killing people, and Snart's still working with him? What happened with the deal you had? Maybe he doesn't have a choice. So you think Lewis put a bomb in his own son to force him to pull off a heist? Snart still wouldn't do it. He'd dig the bomb out of his own head if he had to. So it must be something else that Snart cares about. The only thing Snart cares about is his sister.  Hey.  Hey. Thought you might be hungry. Ah, good to know whatever Earth you go to, there's always a Big Belly Burger. Thank you very much. Looks like you're making progress. Slowly. Should be able to do this a lot faster. You miss it, your speed? Yeah. Surprising how much. So what will you do when you go back to your Earth? I don't know. Guess I'll just have to get used to being Normal? Yeah. Two years ago, I was just a scientist slowly trying to save the world by purifying heavy water without residual radiation. Important work. Yeah, it was, but after the Particle Accelerator exploded, I didn't need to wait years for my research to save a life, I could save one before breakfast. I could save 50 before going to sleep. There's nothing like that rush. You guys have been fighting so many battles, one after another, I'm not sure Barry's had time to take it in, to appreciate how great it can feel. Being a superhero isn't always about how fast you can run. It's about helping however you can, wherever you're needed most. I think that Jay Garrick, physicist, has just as much to contribute as Jay Garrick, superhero. Maybe more. You know what would help me build the speed cannon faster?  Hmm?  An extra set of hands. Specifically ones with a surgeon's precision. Me? Sure, if you think I can really help. Hey, Caitlin? We need you up here, like, right now. Sorry. Oh, boy. What is it? Lisa, there are traces of thermite on your skin. Thermite? Like an explosive? Not like an explosive. It's a bomb. When you were knocked out, your dad must have injected you with it. Hey, Dad, what's up? Your message was pretty cryptic, even for you. Hey, baby, I need you to sit down. Dad, what's going on? Okay. When I was still a beat cop, me and my partner were on patrol, and dispatch came on the radio. A little girl had called in. She said her mom had taken some pills and she wouldn't wake up. And the little girl gave the address. The address was mine. By the time I got here, your mother was unresponsive. Passed out on the couch. And in the kitchen, the stove was on. There you were, standing in front of an open flame. If I hadn't gotten here when I did  Wait, my mom  Your mom was a drug addict. This wasn't the first time something like that had happened. I got Francine into another rehab, and a couple days later, she was gone. I looked everywhere for her, but wife of a cop, she knew how to disappear. I couldn't stand the thought of you growing up thinking you were abandoned. Going to sleep at night thinking your mother left because you weren't enough to make her stay, that you weren't loved, because I loved you. I loved you with everything I got. Then we took Barry in, and I saw the trauma he was going through and I I was sure. I was sure that I did the right thing. Not giving you that burden. What do you mean "Mom left"? I I don't I don't understand. I don't understand. What are you telling me? Your mother's alive. She's here in Central City. She wants to see you. All these years, I thought Daddy, you told me that my I know. I should have told you sooner, but I couldn't figure out the right way. The mother you thought you remember the perfect mother and the stories I made up for you that is the mother you deserve, and I knew Francine couldn't be like that. She would only break your heart. I'm so sorry. Dad It's okay. I understand. You were just trying to keep me safe. The microbomb casing must be made of some kind of a ferromagnetic material. Once you hold it steady with the magnet, I can surgically excise it. Put the magnet down! This is a really concentrated bomb. It's gonna combust if it's exposed to magnetic friction and an oxidant. What's he talking about? Air. Uh, the bomb will explode if it comes in contact with air. Don't worry, Lisa. We're gonna find another way to get it out. Scientific minds. Can we confer, please. What if Flash speed extracts it? Nope, it's too risky. I'm gonna find a way to get it out. I just need a little time. Well, we need to keep track of Lewis until you figure out how to disarm the bomb. I wish we knew what he was gonna steal next and when. Maybe I can get them to tell me. Their tech guy is dead, so I'm betting they're gonna need a new one. I'm saying I'm gonna infiltrate Lewis' crew. You're gonna pretend to be a criminal? How hard can it be? These visits are getting old. Third time's a charm. I told you, I don't need saving. But your sister does. I know your dad put a bomb in Lisa. Lewis told you he'd kill her if you didn't help him, right? Look don't worry. My team's working on a way to remove the bomb. I hope you got that gun of yours ready to blast 'cause Who the hell's this? Um, Lenny said you needed new tech. What's up, I'm Sam, so Heh! You tellin' me you think this kid can crack a Draycon keypad? Uh, I did help Snart steal the Kahndaq Dynasty Diamond from Central City Museum last year. That was locked up behind an AmerTek Industries Phase Three Suppression Door with a Draycon XL1218 keypad. So Couldn't have done it without him. Draycon's my jam. Ah. Okay, Sam. Let's go. Right now? You got a problem with that? No, all good. Can't wait. Oh, this should be fun. Keep quiet and follow my lead. Just like old times. You watching the Diamonds' game? Yeah, the Salamanders are killing 'em. IDs. What floor are you going to? Hey, what's the hold up, guys? I mean, you wanna call management and explain why the toilets are still overflowing? We're all on the clock, right? Yeah, you guys are good to go. Thanks. You enjoy the game, guys. Diamonds don't stand a chance. Not tonight they don't. Hold on. Did you hear that? I got it. It's two armed guards. Guess your timing didn't work out after all. Yeah, that's why I got a Plan B. 'Cause you always needed one. Yeah, but your sister turned out to be a disappointment also. All right, what do you guys say we get on with the job? Guards are gone. Must have taken a break. Yeah, must have. Okay, Sam. Show us what you got. Yeah, all right. Gonna just You guys just keep a lookout and I'll Boom! Told you Draycon was my jam.  Nice job, Sam.  Yeah. It's good to go out on a high note. I'm sorry, Barry. What are you gonna do to me with that thing? Operating pressure on this is over 1,000 PSI. This will easily suck the microbomb out of her neck and into the barrel of this with one highpowered shot. There is one slight risk. Besides shooting a highpowered weapon directly against my neck? The gun does use compressed air. I trust you, Cisco. Okay, son. Make me proud. Like I care. Ha, now what? I told you, I had a better way past the lasers. Step aside. Time for another lesson. You've got 125 seconds before the system defrosts.  Then what?  Sirens. How do you feel? Like we should have put down some plastic. It's not funny. Yeah but I like it when you smile. Okay, ready? Shoot me, Cisco. It's d Flash! Cisco, how's it going with Lisa? Uh, kind of in the middle of it right now, buddy! All right, we need that bomb out. The heist is going down right now. Time's up. Let's get out of here. Only place you're going is back to Iron Heights, Lewis.  Ah, you wanna bet?  Do I wanna bet? Do not bet! Give me a minute. Tell me this, what kind of man puts a bomb in his own daughter? A very rich man. Shoot him, son. Kill him or you'll never see your sister alive. Do it, Cisco. I got the bomb out! Lisa's safe. Aah! You're working with The Flash? I thought you hated him? Not as much as I hate you. Lisa was safe. Why did you do that? He broke my sister's heart. Only fair I break his. Last time I was in Iron Heights,  I was visiting my Dad.  Yeah, me too.  And yet you killed him.  He deserved it.  Is that funny to you?  No. What's funny is I finally figured out your secret. And what secret would that be? You'd do anything to protect your sister. Well, I know your secret too. Better hope I don't talk in my sleep. You won't. Today just proved what I've always known. There's good in you, Snart. And you don't have to admit it to me, but there's a part of you that knows you don't have to let your past define you. A part of you that really wants to be more than just a criminal. So I should be a hero like you, Barry? What exactly does that pay again? It's just a matter of time. Something you'll have a lot of in here. Not as much as you think. Be seeing you. You really think that leopard's gonna change its spots? I do. Maybe we should transfer him to the metahuman wing anyway. I already got Patty on the paperwork. Hey, I wanted to thank you for the advice you gave. I told Iris. She's gonna sit down with Francine. It was hard, but it was for the best. I'm glad. Any time.  You're a good son, Barry.  I know. Thank you. Fancy seeing you here. We have to stop running into each other like this. I know, we should just make a schedule or something. Okay, great. Well, then I'll just have, you know, my people call your people. See, that's the problem. Neither one of us have people. So how are we possibly gonna do this?  There. My number.  Oh! That's what you meant, right? Yes, it  No.  Yea I No you didn't. Um, you know what, though? I've actually been meaning to give you my number in case you had questions about a case. You know, sometimes when you call through dispatch,  it gets all jammed up  Mmhmm. And this is efficient. And as law enforcement colleagues,  efficiency is important.  Yes, it is. No, that's a yeah That's exactly what I was thinking too. 'Kay, great. Awesome.  Mmhmm.  Okay, I'll see you. Yeah. Oh! Ope! Just kidding. Okay. Thanks. Yep. So, taking off? Thought I'd say goodbye and thank you. Yeah, well, I wouldn't leave a bomb in anyone.  Not even you.  It's more than that. You were there for me when I was feeling weak. I hate feeling weak. It's hard for me to trust people. I trusted you. You know, you might actually be my first real friend. Is any of that true? Till next time, Cisco. Later, Golden Glider. Tada! The speed cannon. Wow! Look at that. Dudes, you actually built the thing. Mr. Garrick, I am quite impressed by what you've accomplished during my recent wellness hiatus.  Have you tested it out yet?  Not yet. You wanna do the honors? No, no, no, no. Now that I, uh now that I am back to optimum health, Please allow me. Excelsior!  How did you stabilize it?  CFL Quark Matter. Ah, negative energy density with positive surface pressure. It's genius. You created CFL Quark Matter? It's something we perfected on my Earth. I'll show you sometime. You mean, sometime in the next few minutes? Oh, yeah I guess this is it, huh?  Time for me to go back home.  Right now? I mean we still need your help with the Breachers. My first priority is Zoom. I need to find out what he's up to. How he stole my speed. But you can do that here and, you know, if you go back, then we can't get in touch with you when we need your help or with Zoom or whatever else. It would be nice to be able to pick your brain every once in a while, get some more speedster tips. Okay Once we take care of Zoom,  I'm going home.  That's fair. Good, 'cause I could use a shower, a shave, and some sunlight. I'll, uh, see you later. So, Professor Stein, how are you feeling? Well, uh, it appears that a little rest heals all maladies. I I couldn't feel  Professor?  No, no, no, no get back. Come here. Professor Stein! Professor Stein! Can you hear me, Professor Stein? What happened to him? He went up like Firestorm, but the flame, why was it blue? I don't know. This isn't good. We need to stabilize him fast.
My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, with the help of my friends at S.T.A.R. Labs, I fight crime and find other metahumans like me. I hunted down the man who killed my mother, but in doing so, I opened up our world to new threats, and I am the only one fast enough to stop them. I am The Flash. Iris: Previously on "The Flash" Iris's mom is alive. And you thought you could pay me to walk away from my own daughter. Last time you walked away for free. When you created the singularity, you also created a breach a portal connecting our two earths. You really think he's just bringing these guys here to kill me? Zoom is obsessed with destroying me. Now he wants to destroy you. I'm starting to perceive thingshorrible things. We have to merge the inner and outer event horizons by separating in the eye of it. No! exciting music Ronnie died saving me, and I'm so sorry. No, no, no, get back. Come here. gasping Professor Stein, can you hear me? Barry: Everyone secretly thinks they've figured out what their life is gonna be like, but what no one ever considers is that life has its own plans for you, whether you like them or not. And so you're left with a choice. You can either embrace the change and move forward, or fight it, and be left behind. Dude! I knew you could do it. chuckles That was some touchdown, man. You won us the game! Hey, no, man. We won us the game. Hey, that's not what the cheerleaders were saying. laughter Oh, yeah? For real? A'ight. Jefferson, great game. Hey, thanks, coach. I'm not the only one that noticed. Lot of scouts in the stands tonight, and after that touchdown, they all pulled out their cell phones. You're gonna get your pick of colleges, son. You really think so? I know so. You get home and celebrate with your mom. dark music   Everybody, run! people yelling Oh! people shouting Hey, hey, come on, man, I got you! We gotta get inside the tunnel!   Ugh! Aah! Hold him steady! He's dropping out. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Cisco, we're losing him! Got it! dramatic music Oh, Dios mio. Thank God. He's getting worse. Look, I did what I could to reengineer Doctor Wells's original stabilizer to quell the reaction, but I don't know what he used as a power source. Best I could find was the one from his wheelchair. And how long will that last? Well, that's the problem, is we had already used up most of its energy trying to dampen the metas' powers during our little rogue air trip with Weather Wizard and company. I think we got a few days tops. And he's stuck in bed? Yeah, when he wakes up, I'm gonna transfer the stabilizer to this, give him a power cane, get him moving. We gotta figure out a way to save him. I think I might know how to do that. When the Particle Accelerator exploded, the dark matter that collided with Professor Stein fused with the Firestorm matrix and altered the normal molecular processes that occurs within his body. Those highly reactive molecules needed something to bond with in order to stabilize. And that's where Ronnie came in. Yes, and now that Ronnie is no longer a part of Professor Stein Those molecules don't have anything to bond to. And the longer he goes without merging, the more unstable he becomes. Ugh. All right, so, what do we do? We find another participant. Okay, cool, so, how do we do that? Are we just gonna make a Tinder app for potential metahumans? 'Cause I'm pretty sure merging with Stein and randomly bursting into flames sounds like the biggest "swipe left" of all time. I mean, even if we could find someone willing, Stein can't just merge with whoever he wants. No he can't, but I have done some research, and found two potential candidates that might be compatible with him. They both were affected by the dark matter, and they were both admitted to the hospital showing symptoms of gene rearrangement mutation. And they both share the same blood type as Professor Stein and Ronnie. All right. I mean, this is more than organ donation. We'll need more than tissue typing to see if their bodies are compatible. If I can isolate the genetic locus of the two candidates and crossreference it with the mutations in Professor Stein, I might be able to find a match and save his life. What do you need to do that? rousing music   All right, blood samples from both potential candidates. Damn, that was fast even for you. I may have skipped the asking for permission part. Let's see if we can't find a match. You were two in that picture. You'd just got some shots. You were so mad at the nurse. You kept saying, "She pinched me." chuckles So we took you to the park afterwards to cheer you up, gave you your first ice cream cone, which was a mistake, because all we heard the next month was, "Mintchoplat chip, mintchoplat chip." laughs Oh, that's where the obsession started. Babe, you don't have to do this. If you don't want to meet your mother tomorrow, I get it. No, it's okay. I want to meet her. I need to meet her. It's gonna be fine. Both: Mm. My brave baby girl. Take after you. solemn music Love you. Love you more. Barry? Hey, I was just looking for you. I would've called, but I don't have your number yet, so. Oh, yeah No, no, no, I just wanted to show you this. These were just found in an alley off of Eastwood Avenue. What are these, teeth? Shark teeth. laughs And I have an eyewitness that says he saw a shark walking on landa manshark.  Manshark? laughs  Yeah. Sounds like a bad scifi movie. Or awesome scifi movie. laughs Totally. Um Are you for real? You think there's actually, like, a shark Yeah, I mean, I know it sounds really wacko  Mmhmm.  But, I mean, nothing seems impossible now that we have metahumans, right? And I thought it would be fun, you know, for us to work together again on a case. Yeah, I mean, I really I'd love to work on anything with you. Um, it's just, you know, metahumans aren't really my thing. Oh, okay, yeah, that's fine. I can handle it. No, youlook, how about I just I'll run a test, see where the teeth came from. That would be amazing.  All right, cool.  Thanks. Yeah, sure. Detective Spivot. Detective. How's your manshark case coming? It's good. I was just gonna go and canvas the area, see what else I can dig up, and Barry here agreed to run some tests for me.  Really?  Mmhmm. So, progress. Thanks again. Mmhmm. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were flirting with my partner. What, Patty? No, I'm scoffs What are you talking about? I'm not What is it with you and Iris and my partners? Hey, how is Iris, by the way? phone vibrates Eh, she's pretty nervous about seeing her mother after all these years. Yeah. Hey, you know what, I gotta go. It's Cisco. It's about Professor Stein. Okay, go. I'll cover you with Singh. All right, thanks. Well, I must admit, I never imagined the Sphinx's riddle about a man requiring three legs would ever apply to me, but if this device keeps me mobile, then I will gratefully oblige. Hopefully, you won't need it for much longer. There was no agglutination in the blood samples, and crossmatching was negative for both, and it appears that the dark matter from the Particle Accelerator explosion mutated their genes in a very similar way it did to yours. I think they're both potential matches. So who do we go with? Well, my first choice is Henry Hewitt. He graduated summa cum laude from Hudson University with a double major in Applied Physics and Bioengineering. A Hudson boy, I like him already. Now, what about this other guy Jefferson Jackson? High school quarterback, He's got the physical attributes. And it looks like more of his alleles match than Hewitt's. Doesn't that mean that he's more compatible? On paper, perhaps, but Hewitt is a scientist. Clearly, he's trying to make something of his life. I think he'd be open to something like this. I think we should meet with both of them before we make a decision. That's an excellent idea. I'll see if I can get Hewitt here. All right, in the meantime, we'll go meet with Jefferson Jackson. And I will try to find something else to help keep you stable. dark music  Anything you want   Anything you need  Are you sure this is the right place? Yeah. Jefferson's a mechanic. bell dings Could indicate a strong technical aptitude. That's a positive. Oh, prone to allergies. That's definitely a negative, not to mention his taste in music. tool clatters Would you prefer Celine Dion instead? I got the "Titanic" soundtrack in the back there. No, thank you. Jefferson Jackson, right? People call me Jax. Ooh, catchy. My name's Barry Allen, and this is Martin Stein. We're with the Department of Safety. It's a small, newly formed agency. Very new, we probably don't even have a website yet, do we? You need to see our licenses? I mean, we're all up to code here. No, no, nothing like that. We are compiling data on people who were affected by the Particle Accelerator explosion two years ago. Look, man, I lost enough time in my life 'cause of that stupid thing going wrong. Now, you don't got a car I can fix, I can't help you. If you would consider coming back to S.T.A.R. Labs with us, I believe we can help you. Help me how? Well, we know what the Particle Accelerator did Look, I already told you, I don't talk about that night. Why is that? Because that's when everything changed. I got hit hard. When I woke up, I was in the hospital. Busted up leg, torn ACL. The look on my mom's face, I knew any dreams I had of playing pro ball were over. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, well look, I gotta get back to work. Yeah, um Here, it's just it's our number. Just think about it, okay? Thank you for putting this together, Joseph. Iris's idea, not mine. Hey, baby. Hi, Dad. Iris this is Francine. Hello. Hi. Hello, Iris. Can I get you a coffee or something? Um, no, thanks. Let's just sit. I can't get over what a beautiful young woman you've become. And a journalist? I'm so proud of you. Why are you here? Why now, after two decades? I want to make this right with you. How about you start by apologizing for walking out on us? I am sorry, so very, very sorry. There's so much you don't know. I'm sure that you've been through a great deal, and I can appreciate you feeling like this is suddenly the right time for you to want me in your life, but that doesn't mean that it's the right time for me. Iris No, Dad, it's okay. I've thought about this a lot, and it wasn't fair for me to make you the bad guy. So I want you to hear this from me. I don't hate you, Francine. I do wish you well, but we have lived separate lives for over 20 years. Let's keep it that way. solemn music   laughs I've always thought my destiny was for greater things. And people, of course. Well, when it's all said and done, flying will be the least impressive of your new abilities. Man finally achieves the promise of the Atomic Age. Caitlin, what's going on? Hi, I'm glad you're back. This is Dr. Henry Hewitt. This is Barry Allen and Professor Martin Stein. How do you do? The illustrious Martin Stein. I've read all your papers back at Hudson, especially on transmutation. Fascinating.  You're a legend.  Oh, please. I think you're overestimating my contribution to the field.  II appreciate your enthusiasm.  Isn't he great? He's got an ego the size of Texas, but, yeah, he's all right. So, where's Jefferson Jackson? We just need more time. We don't have more time. I couldn't find another power source for the cane and that thing's running out. Okay, then let's do the merge. Hewitt's in. What do you mean? You told him the details of the Firestorm Matrix? Absolutely, becoming Firestorm is a huge life change. He needs to know what he's getting himself into. If I remember correctly, vector, variance, hypotenuse Proton, neutron, go H.U.! Aw, look at that, that's so cute. We'll have two Professor Steins if this works. It's gonna work. Yeah. Okay. When I put this splicer on your chest you're gonna feel a rush. That's a molecular primer being released into your body. Then you can make physical contact with Professor Stein, and whoosh Firestorm Matrix will take over. Easy enough. Ready? No time like the present. Thank you, my dear. Okay. mechanical whirring laughs exciting music   Try again. tense music   This is unexpected. Something's supposed to be happening, right? Why isn't it working? I don't know. Uh, well, looks like you two aren't compatible after all. I'm just gonna So all this was for nothing? Believe me, no one is more disappointed than I am. Yeah, don't be so sure about that. Next time, try to get your act together before you get someone's hopes up. gentle music   dark music   Move the showandtell to next Tuesday, remind me to call Richard tomorrow about the shareholders meeting, and where are we with the replacement for Doctor Snow? Uh alarm buzzing Applied sciences. alarm buzzing dramatic music   Stop! Don't move!   Harrison? Detective West, thank you for coming. Doctor McGee, this is my new partner, Detective Spivot. It's nice to meet you. I was saddened by Detective Thawne's passing. Please extend my condolences to your daughter. Thank you. On the phone you mentioned this was a sensitive matter. It is, and I called you directly because I've always appreciated your discretion in the past. Of course, can you tell me what was stolen? It's not so much what was stolen, but who stole it. The person who broke into my facility last night was Harrison Wells. gasps Harrison Wells is dead. I seem to recall the circumstances around his passing were a bit inconclusive. Is there any possibility he could be alive? Zero possibility. I knew the man for over 20 years. I know who I saw. The only thing distinctively different was he's walking again. Like I said, I trust your discretion. You have full access to the facility. Thank you again, Detective. First a sharkman, now a dead man walking. We need to call Barry, get him in here first. Barry can't hear about any of this. Whatwhy? Because he's got a lot on his plate. He's got a friend who's sick who he needs his help, and Harrison Wells is the man who murdered his mother. Once he hears that Is he okay? He's fine, but not a word to him or anyone, okay? Okay. Yeah, it's just, I'm not really good at lying. Well, you better learn, quick. Yeah, definitely. elevator bell dings Spivot, go on ahead. Sure. This is the last time you ever show up here. Do you understand? I needed to talk to you again. How much clearer do we need to be? Iris and I do not want you in our lives. Leave, please. Go home, live your life. Joe, there's something else. I wanted to tell you when I first saw you, but What is it? A few months ago, I started getting weak. The doctors ran a bunch of tests, they couldn't figure it out. But finally, they did. Said I have something called MacGregor's. Supposedly it's pretty common among exaddicts. Told me I had till the end of the year if I'm lucky. Isis that why you came back? I just want my daughter to know me this me. solemn music   I'm really glad you decided to come. I thought S.T.A.R. Labs had to shut down. It's under new management. Huh. Whoa, what kind of treadmill is that? Cosmic. laughs softly Cool. So, let's get started. You got some kind of "Billion Dollar Man" technology that gonna fix my knee? Actually, Jax, this isn't about fixing your knee. What are you talking about? When the Particle Accelerator exploded, the energy wave that collided with you is known as "dark matter." And it didn't just hurt your knee. Itit changed the molecular structure of your body. Whoa, hold on, Grey. So you're saying I'm like one of those metahumans I keep hearing about on the news? Yes, I am. Please, call me Professor. We think you have potential capabilities. What kind of capabilities? The same as Professor Stein: the ability for your body to process fission and fusion. And you can harness excess energy and turn it into these massive nuclear blasts. And you can fly. There's also that. So you're saying you can do all this? Only during times of convergence with a willing partner. Convergence? You and me? Yes. rousing music laughs No, this is crazy. No, Jax, this is your chance to right the wrong that was done to you. Yeah, sorry, you got the wrong guy. I don't want nothing to do with this. Wait a second, we are giving you the chance to be a superhero, and you're gonna say no that quickly? Yeah, not my kind of thing. If the man isn't willing to participate Look, I saw your test scores, Jax. Your grades were good enough to get into college, but you didn't go. Why? Is this the type of guy you are? One setback and you fold? Well, then maybe you're not the guy for us anyway. Well, maybe I'm not. Jack Maybe this just wasn't meant to be. Cait, come on, I mean, Jax could be our last chance at saving Professor Stein. He said no to being a superhero. Who does that? I mean, you didn't say no when you had the chance. Cisco, would you? Chance to have superpowers? Sign me up. Look, we're asking Jax to change his entire life, to sacrifice what he does have. I mean, that's not a decision that can be made lightly. It took me a long time to figure out this whole hero thing. Exactly, which is why we need someone who wants to do this. Where are you going? To get Hewitt back. We have to try again. Human DNA? Yup, definitely not a manshark. Not even a land shark, Ma'am. Well, thanks for testing it for me. Yeah. What are you gonna do now? I don't know, probably file it under "never gonna happen." I have another case anyway. Oh, anything I can help you with? No, no, no, no, Detective said definitely nnot. Is everything all good? Sure, why? laughs I don't know, you're just acting kind of different. No! No. I'm the same old P. Spivot, you know? Whatactually, I have to go, but thank you so much for testing this, and I'll see you. Okay, I laughs softly Yo, Joe. Hey. You good? Everything all right? Yeah. No, I'm just had hell of a day. Yeah? sighs Iris's mother, she told me she was dying. Yeah, and I know Francine. She's telling the truth about this. Okay. Does Iris know? Not yet. Did did you need something? Uh, no, no. I just, um Patty said you that you don't want me on some case that she's on with you. No. I was checking out a lead. I'll let you know. All right, cool. What is up with you and my partner, anyway? laughs Come on, I Bar, you can't take your eyes off that girl. I don't know what you want me to tell you. I mean, she's great, you know. She's adorable and funny and we have a lot in common, but "But, um." I don't know. She's not Iris, I guess. Right. You've known Iris since you were ten. You've been in love with her since forever. I mean, you two are friends now, but she was your first love. You're never gonna feel the same about anybody else, but you can't let that stop you from exploring something new. Yeah. And in happier news, remember Flash Day, the downtown celebration to honor Central City's one and only superhero? door closes Well, just weeks Hewitt, you have those nucleosome results? Tomorrow. I told you I needed them tonight. And I'm telling you you'll have them tomorrow. electricity sparking You know, I know you think you're smarter than everyone here, Hewitt, but I'm sick of you not doing your job, your not showing up. If I have any more trouble from you, you're done here. What, you're gonna take the test away and give it to another lab rat of yours? You're gonna report me to the board? Or maybe you're thinking of firing me? I'd like to see you try! Now get the hell out of my lab! dramatic music   What's being described as a "spontaneous energy malfunction" erupted last night at Eikmeier Technologies. Wanted for questioning is scientist Henry Hewitt. Hewitt's dormant abilities must have been triggered when we attempted the merger. This could be catastrophic. If his powers are anything like mine, he requires a grounding mechanism to stabilize his volatility. Otherwise Yeah, he's gonna pop his top, and he's got a long history of violence, according to his police record. Police record? I didn't find a police record. Yeah, of course not, it was sealed, but guess what, ya boy hacked in and hold on, wait for it. typing clacks One count battery, two counts aggravated assault, courtordered anger management therapy. He seemed like such a nice guy. He even knew your Hudson nerd song. gasping Whoa, you okay? It appears Mr. Hewitt's stability isn't the only one in question. I think I need to lie down. Yeah, I'll come with you. Thank you. Professor Stein is getting worse. And Hewitt's like this because of me. And now Jefferson Jackson will never come back because of what I said. I just didn't believe that he has what it takes. This isn't because you didn't believe in him. chuckles Sometimes, great possibilities are right in front of us, and we don't see them, because we choose not to. I think that we need to be open to exploring something new. poignant music   She's dying? A few months left. I just don't think I can see her, Dad. And that's fine. But you and me need to be crystal clear about this, Iris. If you want to have a relationship with Francine, it's okay with me. You don't have to protect me. I'm a grown man and I've dealt with these feelings a long time ago. sighs So youyou just believe her? She's done some bad things in her life, but she wouldn't lie about this. Dad, she shows up out of nowhere, and only says that she's dying after I told her to stay away. Look, she didn't come to Central City to see me. She came because of you. I just wanted you to know everything so you can make the best decision for yourself. I mean, she is still your mother. Either way, whatever you decide, just know, I got your back.   I know. sighs Let me guess, you don't got car troubles. I came to apologize. I'm sorry for what I said. It's fine. Apology accepted. Look, we could really use your help to save Professor Stein. chuckles That desperate, huh? Yes.  sighs  My husband, Ronnie, he used to be Professor Stein's other half. He actually helped build the Particle Accelerator, and when it exploded, he was affected by it too. Ironically, that's how he got the chance to show the world what he was truly capable of. And he died saving this city. Wait, he was the guy that flew into the black hole? That was him? He was a hero. You can be one too. I never wanted to be a hero. What I wanted was to go to college, but we couldn't afford it. Football was my way in, until that got taken from me. I know. Look, I know the Particle Accelerator took something from you. But it also gave you something in return, something even more spectacular, the opportunity to be part of something bigger, to be part of a team that's working to protect people from losing what you lost. stirring music I believe you were meant to be a hero.   electricity sparking Whoa, hold on. I've been looking for you, Dr. Snow. Hey, look, man, we're ugh! gasps suspenseful music You did this to me! But it's not what you promised, is it? Is it? Come on!   Where to? S.T.A.R. Labs.   Caitlin.  What's wrong?  Come here. Oh, good, you're here. This thing, it ran out, like, 30 minutes ago. His temperature is 142 degrees and rising fast. He's going into rapid oxidation. We need to find a coolant. I think it's too late for that. I'll do it. I'll merge with him. You said this is a chance for me to be a part of something bigger than myself, to help people. That's what I want. You're sure? Once you merge, there's no going back on this. And you said I could fly, right?  Damn right.  Okay. So what do I do? Okay, well, here's the abridged version.  Professor Stein?  groans  Professor Stein?  Clarissa, five more minutes. No, Professor, you have to get up. Jax is here.  Yeah.  What?  Jax is here.  What?  Here, grab onto me.  Jax? Yeah. tense music This is it.   device whirring Whew.   You came back, Jefferson, thank you. Well, like my coach always said, "Out of yourself and into the team." So, how's this work? Okay, all you're gonna do is touch him. And then what happens? You become Firestorm. Okay. exciting music   Jax? Is Professor Stein How will I know? Professor Stein: Hello, Jefferson. Now you know. Oh, so I get Grey as my copilot. Did no one ever inform you of that fringe benefit? So when do we get to take this for a test spin? alarm buzzing Uh, how about now? It looks like Hewitt's recharging at Central City High School's football stadium. suspenseful music Wait, that was where I got hurt.   players yelling   Cisco, cut the power to the field so he can't draw anymore energy. I'm on it. Stand by.   Booya ka!   Hewitt! You need to stop! This is not who you are! heroic music Stein? You chose him over me? That's who I'm supposed to be! I deserve the Firestorm Matrix! Professor Stein: Move, now! Calm down, Jefferson, focus. Use your natural athleticism to gain control. Hey, you okay? I was a quarterback. I know how to take a hit. Hey, guys, cutting the power didn't work. It's like the more we anger him, the stronger he gets. That's it, it's like one of those, uh, controlled fusion devices. Um Tokamak? Yes, exactly, and the more powerful they become, the more unstable they become. Barry, make him angry, and he'll blow his fuse. You up for a little game of "catch me if you can?" Let's go for it. Okay. heroic music   Hey, Hewitt, over here! Paging Dr. Hewitt. Boo! Aah! Man, you are not good at this. Aah! Do you need a hug, Doctor? Aah! grunts Come on, Hewitt, give me your best shot! Now. grunting   Is that all you got, Hewitt? Man, no wonder you didn't make the cut if that's how you fight. both laughing Aah!   Not bad for your first go at this. Well, I had a great coach to help me through it. Isn't that right, Grey? Professor Stein: Despite my initial reservations, we make a pretty fantastic team. laughs Welcome aboard, Firestorm. rousing music   solemn music Hi. Thank you for coming. You have no idea what this means to me. My dad told me you were sick. You know, I wasn't sure that I could believe you, so I did some checking. Turns out you're telling the truth. I would never lie to you about something so big. Really? 'Cause I was actually thinking that I could give you another chance after hearing that news. But you're still lying, still keeping secrets. I'm an investigative reporter, Francine. I uncover things that people want to keep hidden, like having a son. Iris He was born eight months after you left Central City. Let me explain. Who's the father, Francine? Is it my dad? Do I have a brother? Wait, you know, I don't even wantI don't want to know. I mean, I wouldn't be able to tell if you were telling the truth or if it was another one of your lies, anyway. Oh. I want you to leave. You stay away from me, and you stay away from my father. If he finds out that he might have a son that grew up without even knowing him, it would crush him. Just sighs Leave us alone. Iris, I was solemn music   And how is Mr. Hewitt? Seems like that last burst of energy has burnt him out. Our Tokamak's gone dark. Yeah, we're just gonna keep him safe and sound in the pipeline till he decides to keep quiet about all this. So you're gonna meet up with Clarissa? We're meeting in Pittsburgh in three days. Why Pittsburgh? A colleague of mine was monumental in helping train Ronald and me. She's graciously offered to help the two of us as well. How's she gonna help us? Well, there were many aspects of our abilities that we never quite achieved. Hopefully now, we can fully realize that potential. Oh, my dearest Dr. Snow. Ronald may be lost to us, but he will never be forgotten. Speaking of this was Ronnie's. He always used it to find his way back home. I want you to have it. sentimental music Thank you. You know, this whole thing is strange, being 50% of someone. Yeah, but you're 100% a hero. laughs softly I went ahead and recalibrated the splicer so the merging should be even smoother now. Thank you. If I may offer a bit of parting advice. Cisco, I know you're scared, but this ability you have is a gift, not a curse. It's natural to be apprehensive about the unknown, but look at Jefferson. He took a leap, and it changed his life for the better. The very thing that makes you different is what makes you special.   Tell your friends.   And now I believe it's time to take this show on the road or to the sky, if I am to be literal. laughter stirring music sighs   Are you ready, Jefferson?   All right.  See you later.  Yeah. That was one hell of a leap of faith that kid took, merging with Professor Stein. Yeah, it was. There's a lesson in there somewhere for you. Barry: Things aren't always what they seem. Our fears can play tricks on us, making us afraid to change course, afraid to move on, but usually, hidden behind our fears are second chances waiting to be seized rousing music   Second chances at life    Whoo!  At glory Whoo!   At family   At love. And these opportunities don't come around every day, so when they do, we have to be brave, take a chance, and grab them while we can. dramatic music Zoom wants you dead.  growls  whimpers    whimpers  growls Oh, my God, it's real. Hey! Put him down! Put your hands your fins in the air! whimpers  laughs  grunts   gun clicks  electricity sparks  growls panting Who the hell are you? rousing music   